The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 11 November 20, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master – Manu the Monk – Celestial Rumplebutt

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Rob – Human Cleric – Dom Strongbottom

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

Everyone had arrived at the travel desk and had calmed down from their jam session. Looking behind the counter, Tzaad with growing dread recognized Bralros, the deaf dwarf. Bralros smiled and signed hello. Tzaad started waving his hands around in poor imitation of signing, but Bralros cuts him short by pulling out a pad and writing out that he can read lips and write out his messages. Tzaad wrote down, OK, in large, blocky script. Cutting in, Steph asked if they could secure passage to the Eastern Coastal City of Tehrun, where they needed to secure ship’s passage to the Eastern Isles. Bralros nodded and wrote out that they could travel via their underground network to the sister Fantasy Cost-Co in the city, and it would cost 50 gold between all of them. Steph remembered the silver necklace they had found in Haven, and handed it over, and everyone else chipped in 5 extra gold to get to the right amount. 

Nodding in satisfaction with the completed transaction, Bralros beckoned everyone to follow him to the back of the store, through which they walked into an employee only labeled area. Inside was a chalk board with a set of three rules on it. Stay seated, stay buckled, and don’t press the button. Bralros picked up a board stick and tapped each rule in succession on the board. Frain asked why for number three, and Bralros tapped the rule again. When he asked why again, he just repeated the tapping, and circled it. Through the next door in the small room, they were led into a wide tunnel of the same softly glowing purple crystal as the rest of the caverns, and in front of them sat a crystal sphere made of the same material lying on a track leading into a distance they could not see. 

Stepping forward, Bralros pushed his hand on the side and a door swung up, having been seamless on the sphere before it opened. Inside were 5 seats surrounding a large red button, and 3 wall harnesses. Enough for everyone. Everyone piled in and buckles up, with Featherwind, Manu, and Waffle in the wall harnesses. Bralros smiled and waved goodbye, as the door to the sphere closed and sealed. A moment later there was a small jolt as the sphere began to move forward on the track and gain speed. A few minutes later they were humming through the tunnels as a very fast speed, lines of the soft glowing crystal passing by overhead. Most were lulled to sleep after a few minutes to get a short rest in.

An hour or so later, everyone was woken by an intense burning in their tattoos. Everyone was compelled to make wisdom saving throws, of which Tzaad failed miserably. Reach his hand forward, not entirely sure why, he went for the button. Dom, seeing what he was doing, slapped down on his hand. Unfortunately, Tzaad’s hand was hovering over the button at this point, and was slapped into it, setting off a soft alarm and glowing red light. The sphere had begun to rumble. Manu unbuckled himself in a panic and strode to the button. “Maybe if we hit it again it will stop!”, Manu said, slamming his hand on the button. The rumbling grew louder and more intense. Manu tried to hit the button again, but his hand had become translucent. He tried with his other hand and had the same problem. Eyes wide with fear he looked around, everyone staring back wide eyed. “Uh, Manu, your hand”, Steph pointed out helpfully. “I don’t, wait...”, Manu stuttered. Manu stumbled back onto his butt near Tzaad and looked up at him. “I don’t feel so good Mr. Tzaad…”, Manu muttered before fading out of existence. Everyone’s vision began to blacken at this point and the rumbled grew in intensity until it was unbearable. 

What seemed like moments later, everyone stirred, blinking their eyes slowly open, and getting a little sunlight dappling through some obstruction surrounding their sphere. Looking closer, it seems to be green and ropey and all around the enclosure. Frain went up to the door and slammed his shoulder into it, budging it a little bit. Tzaad strode over and helped him, managing to open the door halfway, snapping a few of the green ropes. I this point they heard a screeching and were attacked through the door by what seemed to be living vines! 

The vines reached in, grabbing Frain by the ankles. Tzaad slashed out at them with his sword, and Waffle tore free of the capsule, biting at the vines around Frain’s legs, freeing him. Dom threw a well-placed guiding bolt and the vines retreated from around the sphere, opening the door all the way. Tzaad charged at what seemed to be the core of the monster and cut the remaining vines to shreds. Everyone comes out of the sphere at this point, hands in front of their faces, and saw an entrance to a clearing ahead of them. Hesitating only a moment, our adventurers headed for the clearing. 

The site ahead of them as they emerged from the tight tree quarters of the forest behind them was unexpected. Miles of fields lay around them, surround by tall mountain ranges and nothing else in sight, save for a 150-foot metal tube embedded in the ground a few hundred feet ahead of them at a 45-degree angle. At the very top, at the narrow tip was what seemed light a flying ship docked by a rope to the tube. 50 feet up the tube was a large gaping hole that seemed to lead into the ship. After some discussion, they decided to try and get in through the hole. As everyone, minus Manu who seemed to be missing, began deliberations on how to reach it, Tzaad took a running start at the ship and ran up the 45-degree angle, just managing to run up high enough and grab onto the lip of the hole. Frain shot a rope attached to an arrow up next to Tzaad and pulled himself up. 

They both pulled themselves up and into this titled tube. When they landed on the platform just below the hole, they seemed to reorient, and feel like they were standing perfectly straight, instead of at an angle. It felt like gravity was different in here. Tzaad looked backed out briefly, and traded insults with Steph, before looking back in and taking in the site. The inside of the ship was a clear 600 feet across, and Tzaad was standing on a small deck jutting from the side of the tube, looking down on a large, forested and bushy area. Across the tube was another deck like the one they were on, with what looked like another door. Everyone else made it up, but Featherwind decides to stay behind as she didn’t have the energy to continue much more right now. 

They decided to head to the other deck, and hopped down into the forest path below, heading straight. They ran into a few floating metal cubes that seemed to be tending to the bushed lining the path. Messing with one, Frain tried to hop on it, but it fell to the ground under his weight. As he got off it floated away to tend to other plants. The first fork was straight ahead or left. Having oriented themselves fully from the observation deck above, they were clear on all the paths, but they were curious as to some of the areas. They decided to head left, and then left into a small grove of neatly organized apple tree. There was a heavenly crisp smell in the air. The apples looked familiar, and Tzaad reached out, grabbing one, and taking a chomp. He suddenly broke out into song, as it seemed these were Singing Apple trees, like form the University! 

From behind came a deep, rumbling, chuckle. Turning around everyone was shocked to see a huge, towering tree with a face, smiling down at them, chuckling heartily. “Hello friends, welcome to my grove! I do hope you were going to ask before taking many, but no harm done!”, the tree boomed out. “Hail and well met, who might you be?”, Frain led. “Why me? I am known as Oakshadow, and I live among the trees on this ship. “Ship?”, Steph asked. “Yes, this, the ship you are all on, of the Masters”, Oakshadow replies. “Who are the Masters?”, Dom asked. 

Sighing, Oakshadow looked around at them. “Let’s see. The Masters, or as I know them, the Tin Men, once ruled this ship. I was captured upon their arrival here and put in this containment area. This was about 400 years ago, give or take, and I have not seeing them since the incident. A young Monk arrived here suddenly and came upon my resting area. He gave me the apple I used to start this orchard! He caused quite a ruckus not long after, and died in battle with the masters, causing that big hole there and disabling the ship. I buried him in a small clearing further down the path next to the great lake.” Mouths wide open at the story, Tzaad shook his head and screamed, “Manu??”. “I do not know what his name was”, Oakshadow replied. 

After some discussion, everyone decided to check out the grave and continued. There was a large hole with bones scattered around the opening, and Waffle happily grabbed one and took it with her. In another mall clearing was a dirt mound and a small metal box on it. Searching the box, they found a laser pistol. While figuring this out and how to use it, Frain broke the sights off, causing disadvantage on all attacks, and nearly hooting himself in the face looking down the barrel, scattering a cluster of dinosaurs it seemed flying high above them, screeching. Heading back to the main path, they continued again. At the next turn, they see a tin man down the path. As they approached, the tin man swiveled toward them, and in a loud, tinny voice issued the command, “Halt, Alien fauna are not permitted in the Incubation laboratory. Please vacate the premises immediately.” Everyone chiming in, they were able to persuade the robot to let them pass to the left as they wanted to leave. Wanting to see what was down the path behind him however, Tzaad decided to murder hobo attack, and they succeeded in dismantling it and headed down the path. 

Down the path, they found a small swamp, and a shiny rod sticking out of the muddy water at the back. Near the edge was a small cube robot, unsuccessfully trying to trim a reed with broken shears. Feeling sorry for it, Frain pulled out a knife and cut it. Beeping happily, the robot flew up, and then back down to the next reed, continuing the same futile attempts. Tzaad going full stealth Rambo mode makes good progress in the swamp, shield above his head, sword in his teeth. Breaking the silence, Frain calls out to him asking how long this will take. Stopping short, muddy and sweating, a deep rumbling occurs in the water ahead of him and out bursts a gigantic otyugh. Frain stealthed his way back to shore with the rest of the party, and they enter combat. It seemed this day was not the ancient otyugh’s day, and the party quickly handled it. A well-placed fireball from Steph, a lightning bolt from Dom, guiding bolt from Frain, vicious mockery from Celestial, and Frost breath from a lightning quick Waffle, the beast is felled without so much as scratching anyone, missing all of its attacks. 

Moving back into the swamp, Tzaad recovers the rod, turning out to be and anti-matter rifle. Having similar frustrations as Frain, he broke off the sight figuring out what it is, also causing disadvantage on all attacks. Heading back down the path, they continued to the lake, a clear 200 feet across, with a shallow end surrounding it. Skirting the deep lake with all manner of creature darting around beneath the surface, they make it to the other side. 

Just past the shore is an entrance to another path, and next to it, and entrance to a small clearing with a grave in it. Approaching the grave, they noticed a small twig at the head with a fresh picked singing apple at the base. Tzaad fell to his knees and cried out to the heavens, “You’ve done it you bastards, you’ve finally done it!”

