The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 1 July 31, 2019
 
Alex – Dungeon Master
 
Ellen – Elf Wizard - Steph
 
Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom
 
Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer
 
Dayton – Variant Human Fighter - Tzaad
 
The adventurers, after months of training at Gold Star University/The Order of the Polyhedron, are awoken in the middle of the night to searing pain in their shoulders, with an imperative to rush to the main hall.
 
They gathered there, having not met before, Dom talking Advil for the pain (albeit slightly expired). After a bit of confusion and questioning the empty hall, an unfurled scroll appears before them, rotating gently in the air. Steph reaches out only to find it incorporeal. Upon approaching it, it becomes readable, and here it says: “You have been chosen for your first mission, requested by an elf that goes by ‘The Coroner’”. The mission is in the town of Greymoor, in the northern mountains, to investigate the murder of a Ser Thames of the Order of the Fallen Star a few weeks before.
 
The tattoos continued to increase their intensity in burning, giving the players a mere 5 minutes to pack up and rush out on their mission. It’s a few days journey up the mountain roads by horseback. They manage to make it there and get to know each other a little bit on the way. The two clerics, one dwarf, Frain Brightbringer, one human, Dom Strongbottom, the elf, Steph (Just Steph), and the human fighter Tzaad.
 
Upon arriving in the village of Graymoor, located in the Northern Mountain Forest area of The Abandoned Star, near another city, in the small hours of the early morning, they found a scene upon town square of a mostly grisly murder. Upon the ground lay the town blacksmith, George Gilly.
 
Near the body they see a haughty yet nervous looking elf, who upon introduction turns out to be Oswald, The Coroner who enlisted their help. “Hi, I’m Tzaad” spoke our titular fighter. To this, Oswald was thoroughly confused as to why they were sharing their feelings now, they must solve the murder of Ser Thames, no time to dally on extraneous murders!
 
Sagh the 6’6” half-orc took this moment to walk up and introduce herself. A little chuckly, good natured, and towering above the party, she asked their business. To this Frain replied: “Just bought a house and moved into town. Looking to settle”. A chuckle from Sagh prefaced her information of owning most of the real estate in town, and knowing whether someone would be moving in. After back and forth, Sagh introduced herself as the sort of person who runs the town along with Henriette. She relayed this seemed to have happened just a few hours back, and George Gilly was noticed just minutes ago.
 
The adventurers took a closer look and discovered the cause of death as a slash by a sharp instrument that severed the spine. Following certain clues as blood spatter back and around the inn, they found where he was killed. Digging around a bit they are divots in the ground, deep, with supernaturally large strides.
 
While investigating they were interrupted by the town locksmith and engineer. She was extremely nervous and seemed to think she was next for some reason. She mentions Lynn, Georges daughter had not been seen and someone would need to tell her what happened.
 
The adventurers decided to stop at the inn, The Graymoor Bend and ask Sagh a few more questions. Sagh relayed a string of murders in weeks past that had occurred, taking her own horse, Ser Thames, the town Cooper, a herd of cattle in a nearby farm, and now George Gilly, the town blacksmith.
 
Upon hearing this news, they decided to get right on it, however they were interrupted by the coroner, Oswald. Extremely impatient, he wanted to go to Ser Theme’s house instead to investigate. In a huff he left to lead the way, and the adventurers reluctantly followed.
 
At Ser Thames’ house, they found a scene of relative serenity. A large amount of lilies around the property, and his house well-kept and shut tight. There was a quip of a taun taun from Star Wars from Frain, and at a nat 20, Oswald’s mind was blown for a moment. Star Wars was now canon. Frain fell to the floor in pain at searing of his tattoo however. Tzaad the fighter decided at this point to bull rush the door and took it right off it’s hinges. Inside they found an undisturbed scene of minimalism. On a nearby desk they found a stack of parchments. Next to it an unfinished letter, and on top of the stack, indentations of what looks to have been a completed letter. Frain had a brilliant thought to grab some charcoal from the fireplace, and run it across the indentations, able to figure out what it had said. Within the finished letter, they found details of a request for a sword to be left at the base of a nearby tree in just a few days’ time, to deal with some curse.
 
From here they looked around and saw not much more and decide to head to George’s house. Oswald grabbed the papers and left in a huff. Staying just ahead of the players it was an awkward walk back. Steph began mocking his gait, Tzaad spoke of killing *ahem* putting something in the kiln for him, and Dom tripped him. It was at this point Oswald had started crying and ran ahead to town. “Are we the baddies?”, the adventurers then wondered to themselves.
 
At a fork in the road they began the 3 hour trek up to the blacksmith’s house. There they found a scene quite different from Ser Thames’ house. Here the doors and windows are all open, as if broken in to. Inside they see a lockbox that someone was trying to force their way in to, but failed, and on a rafter above, a key, hidden from those without much perception. Upon opening this box, they found a silver arrowhead that they were able to decipher as an Arrow of Shape changer Slaying. Pocketing that they looked around more and found George’s study, containing notes on his latest project. A set of large latches and bars for a lock. For whom it did not say. Out back they found footprints leading into the forest and following it down found them disappear around what seemed to be a scuffle with a wolf of some kind.
 
As it was nearing dark and there was a long way back, they decided to turn in at the Graymoor Bend. Upon entering they saw a warming sight behind the bar of Sagh the half-orc, being sweet on Henriette, the slightly sad looking human wizard. Looking around they saw a drunk dwarf, an androgynous elf playing with potions, and a morose looking woman sitting by themselves. Tzaad decided now was the time to stroll up and grab a round of beer for the gang. After handing them out everyone set to questioning the present townsfolk.
 
Steph made her way to the dwarf in the corner, having heard that he had an altercation with the dead cooper a little while back before his death. The dwarf was none other than Grimmund Daldrin, self-proclaimed greatest singer in the town choir, and on his way to big city singing at the opera in the nearby metropolis on the mountain. Upon being questioned about the altercation he assured her it was nothing but a dumb fight, and he was sorry to see him die. Over at the morose woman, Frain decided this was as good an opportunity as ever to find a convert in the land of She. Handing the confused woman a pamphlet, he spoke of the good word of his god instead. After some deliberation, and Grimmund passing out in the corner, she decided perhaps it was time to move on from this little place, and on to greener mountain ranges. A possible convert for the Frain’s church? Only time will tell if Kathra Fenglove did not just throw the pamphlet on the ground on her way out.
 
Heading to bed at this point, the adventurers found Oswald had covered a few rooms for them during their stay. On this they began to feel a little bad about their intense bullying earlier, once again questions if they were in fact the baddies. Shrugging it off quickly, they split into two rooms, and hit the hay.
 
The following morning, Sagh woke them up with some hot breakfast, and a delivery of bad news. Xalyth, the locksmith they had spoken to yesterday, was found dead in her home by her friend Eldarial, the apothecary that was in the tavern last night.
 
Our adventurers had no time to lose and grabbed as much food as they good and booked it to the house. Unfortunately, Frain was a little bit too overzealous about his breakfast, and instead got it all over himself, having to trudge through the cold covered in grits and morning ale. Upon arriving at the house, they found Eldariel had to break in after having received no responses from her friend inside, upon which she found the gruesome scene. House locked up tight, they see Xalyth had been brutally murdered from behind in her kitchen. It looked to be in the same manner as the other murders. Through the house they found an open window on the second floor, where the killer must have gotten in. In a study on the lower floor, they found notes of a lock she was commissioned to complete for the local Chapel of She. A clue! It seemed she was working on the same project at George, the blacksmith who was murdered!
 
Our adventurers rallied and felt they were getting closer to uncovering some answers. They headed to the Chapel without any dally. Coming up on the chapel, they noticed a lot of activity to prepare for an event. On a nearby banner they noticed, it made an invitation to all in the town to join them for the Feast of the Remembrance of the Moon the following night. Out front waiting for them was what looked like a priest. With a large smile of false teeth, and older man greeted them with warmth. "We're here to get married!", proclaimed Dom. Father Daragor was not sure what to make of this proclamation, but assured them it would have to wait until after the feast due to the preparations. After that they questioned him a bit, and he answered that they ordered the locks to increase security and give a sanctuary for those in town. From here they handed him the silver arrowhead, insisting he bless it. Confused, he gave a blessing under her gaze, and handed it back. With not much else to say, the adventurers head back to the Bend to see if there was anything else they could find out.
 
On their way they stop in at the local hunting shop, Bob’s Bibbets and Bobbets. Being the efficient man that he is, he has their arrowhead fletched into an arrow in seconds flat. It’s almost as if he was there for nothing else! They headed back to the inn then.
 
After talking in the bar to Sagh and Henriette a little more, they decided to turn in for the night. Soon after they rest their heads on their pillows, Sagh came thundering up the stairs and woke everyone up with an emergency. They weren’t going to like it. Everyone hopped out of bed and ran downstairs. Waiting for them was a well-dressed elf that was downing ale as fast as his slight frame would allow him. He was out of breath and shaken.
 
Introducing himself as Kalkian Cartoris, he mentioned he was a merchant looking for land to run a vineyard and lamented everyone dying before he could speak to them! He had found the body of Oswald at the abandoned barn up one of the mountain slopes, about a half hour journey on foot. The adventurers decide there is no time to waste and follow him up the slope. Upon arriving Frain insists Kalkian waiting right outside, and they head in. The body was eviscerated in the back of the barn. Closer inspection makes it out to be a horrific attack. Suddenly the barn door slammed shut behind them, and the barn goes up in flames around them! No time to think, Tzaad rushes the door and kicks it, putting his considerable strength behind it and breaking the log holding it closed. Everyone was able to stumble out, hacking and wheezing, freeze frame jumping away as the barn explodes behind them, as the barn collapses behind them. In front of them, a grisly scene of Kalkian with his throat slashed, face down on the ground. In the forest, a pair of yellow gleaming eyes disappear into the trees. Chasing them down, they find the creature is too fast, and find small wolf tracks, much like the one’s by George’s house.
 
They decide it’s best to head back to town and relay the bad news. Entering town square, they find most of the townsfolk awake and in the street, unable to sleep due to their nerves. Sagh is out front, gathering a rescue party due to the town noticing the rising fire and small up the slopes. Shortly before they could question anyone, an owl flies in screeching, and lands on a nearby post. Around it’s neck an envelope. It severs the tie holding it around her neck, and flies off, screeching, as the envelope flutters to the ground. Steph picks it up to read, finding only: “Send them to me” on the page inside. Henriette stepping up from the crowd grabs the envelope and recognizes it as Old Lady Sybil’s, who lives deep in the forest alone.
 
The adventurers agree to meet her out front of the Inn come morning, and she’ll have retrieved the instructions for getting to her. And so in the morning they gather, and learn of some complicated instructions to find the home. When reciting these, they seem to do it well, and find themselves in front of a stately manor in the middle of the forest. Frain decides to knock with no answer. A package at their feet is addressed to all of them, and inside, a map and a key, explain that in Henriette’s library they will find what they need. Doing everything exactly backwards, thanks to the efforts of Tzaad, they navigate their way back to town. By now it’s getting dark.
 
They stop by Henriette’s to try and gather what was needed from the library. After a bit of searching with her help, they find a book with a marker on Lycanthropes, and a Scroll of Moonbeam, which may just come in handy! Steph being the wizard of the group, takes the scroll for herself. After Frain tactfully checks Henriette for Lycanthropy by slashing her with the arrow, and she runs out of her own house crying, heading for Sagh, the group wonders if they are the baddies for the third time in the same amount of days. They decide they should grab the sword dropped off at Ser Thames, and then head to the Feast with little time to spare.
 
Back at his house, they find it turned upside down, looking for something, however the sword seems to be buried where it was intended, at a tree nearby the house. Upon inspection they find it to be a Moon-Touched Long Sword. Dealing magic damage upon hit, Tzaad was more than happy to accept it as an instrument of cutting things! The gang headed to the feast, with little time to spare. Upon entering the chapel, they hear a click behind them as the locks engaged themselves and would not open again. Surveying the scene inside they see the whole town in attendance, except for Father Daragor and Eryn. A nearby door seemed to lead to a private sanctuary, that a priest mentioned was where Father Daragor was, preparing for the ceremony, and he was not to be disturbed. Our adventurers being nosey little tikes decided that’s exactly where they should go. So off to the door, they found it slightly ajar. Inside, no Father Daragor, just a Statue of She. Their tattoos seem to warm their bodies in a pleasant glow upon looking at the statue. Looking closer however they noticed the wings seemed to hinge. Moving them unveiled a passage leading below…
 
Sneaking down the stairs they find a scene of Eryn tied to a statue, a darker one. Their tattoos burn at the sight, but they can’t quite make out the face of the statue, nor can they seem to recall any memories on it, finding only blank spaces. Father Daragor is speaking of Eryn committing these murders and how he only wants to help!
 
Hearing enough, Frain whipped out his crossbow, and let loose a perfect shot, hitting Eryn mid-chest, and dealing enough damage to instantly down her, going into death save rolls. As her head lolls forward, blood streaming down her chest, Father Daragor stands up and looks back, shocked. He began to snarl and tear away at his skin, charging the players and transforming into an enormous wolf. It’s a minute of intense combat, Tzaad charging with his moon sword, slashing at the beast, Steph channeling the moonbeam dealing massive damage, and Dom bringing it home with a well-aimed Guiding bolt, Father Daragor bloodied and tattered, transforms back into a human and crawls to Eryn before dying at her feet. Tzaad however had taken a bite from Father Daragor and had been inflicted with the beginnings of a curse.
 
Frain decides to stabilize and awaken Eryn, retrieving his bolt in the process. It’s here she explains Father Daragor had been telling her she had been murdering everyone, but she could never remember when she turned into a wolf. Slowly realizing they may have made a mistake in judging who committed these murders, the adventurers slowly turned towards the cameraDM, and wondered aloud for the final time: “Are we the baddies?”.