The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 6 October 2, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

Coming down for their giggle attack after having watched Tzaad get knocked out by a wooden spoon, Frain and Dom realize the edges of their vision are beginning to darken. Looking up in surprise, they begin to look around frantically, and realize Bea, the farm owner is talking but they can’t hear her. Looking up at the sky reaching full dark now, they see a scene they have never seen before. It’s a sky full of stars, and… the moon? Something they’ve only read about and seen drawings of. As they stare in wonder, vision darkening almost fully and a ringing entering their ears, they are suddenly jolted awake, and find themselves lying on the floor of Celestial’s apartment. 

Blinking slowly all our adventurers are beginning to come to, Manu rubbing his temples, Steph groaning in protest of her aching bones, and Tzaad rubbing his head where he was hit by a, wooden spoon? Feeling a lump in his coat pocket, Dom reaches in to find a pouch of 50 gold pieces. Wondering where he got this from, hazy images of an elf in emerald surrounded by wild dogs flash through his mind. As they all shake the grogginess from their heads, Frain notices Celestial talking to a cat by the fireplace. As he looks over, she realizes they are all coming to and rushes over to him, kneeling down. “Are you okay?”, she was asking in her usual lilting eastern isles accent. “We walk in and all of a sudden, you just fell over, unconscious!”. “Did you do this to us?”, Steph couldn’t herself by asking. “No, of course not!”, Celestial replied. 

After some discussion the team finds out that they had simply collapsed and had been out the rest of the night, all day, and all night again, as it was now 2 mornings later! They also found out that Celestial’s home has a barrier of control and spy magic nullification, which may have caused their loss of consciousness if some magic had them in their grips. The group ponders this a while in nervous silence.

Morpholemew fetches a paper he had set on the bed and comes back with it. “All is well with that, but I am afraid I have some bad news”, Morpholemew said. Looking concerned, Steph grabbed the paper and read aloud. “Wanted for the immolation of family and newborn, Tzaad and Gang. On the poster was a large and accurate picture of Tzaad, and in small script under it, “And Friends”. The bounty was 5000 gold and he had been pegged for the death of a baby in a tenement fire started at some point. At hearing this news, Tzaad was beside himself. “You killed a baby?”, Celestial asked. “No, no way! I would remember that!”, Tzaad screamed. “Wait a second”, Frain spoke up. “I set some stuff on fire”. “You son of a bitch!”, Tzaad yelled and lunged at him. Manu stepped in to hold Tzaad back. Frain threw up his hands and said, “I just burned some garbage, that’s all!”. Celestial, raising her eyebrows asked, “That’s what you think of babies? Garbage?”. “No, no, it’s just garbage”, Frain replied. “Babies are not garbage”, Celestial countered. “I think we’re going in circles here”, Steph said. “Maybe we should evaluate what happened and decide on a plan”.

After Tzaad calmed down enough to talk it out, they decided there was nothing they could do about it right now. Morpholemew spoke up, “Oh, I do have something else for you as a show of gratitude for my liberation the other day”. Running back to the bed, he grabbed a small pouch and brought it over. Frain taking it and opening it, finds a set of bracers inside. “Those are an artifact we had hidden called Sneakers. You must wear them on your wrists, and when you wish to increase your stealth, you’re to whisper ‘Sneaker’ and you shall get +1 to your next stealth check”. After some delight and discussion, it was determined that Steph should get the bracers, and she slipped them on gleefully. 

“Now to more serious news again”, Celestial interrupted. “I appreciate what you have done for Morpholemew here, and I am hoping you can help me again”. “With what?” Tzaad asked suspiciously. “I believe my brother, Teddy, is in trouble. If I am not mistaken you met him at the university.” After saying this everyone nods in agreement. “Well, his husband has been missing for a few months now, and I think he is being held back from doing anything about it. Any time I try to ask him about Michael, or even what he does at the university, he shuts me out. And he absolutely forbids me from joining myself to learn anything else”, Celestial continues. “I want your help to find him, as I think I have a lead from the Eastern Coastal city of Tehrun, and out to the Barbaro Islands.”, she finishes.

After a moment of silence, Steph says, “No offense, but why should we help you?” After murmurs of agreement from everyone, Celestial shakes her head and says, “I Thought you may want to help out of the kindness of your hearts, but we can help you out in other ways.” Morpholemew speaks up, “If you wish, my network can work on clearing your names and securing you passage out of the city for now, while things calm down. While you are out you can accompany Celestial on the quest to free Michael”. The party agrees eventually. “Great. There is one thing however. We will never be able to approach the Barbaro Islands without the royal approval. My family was pushed out of their community a long time ago due to the disagreements happening between humans and Aaracokra now”, Celestial says. “I have it on good authority that there is an Aaracokra being held prisoner of the royal bloodline, demarcated by their unusual pink feathering!”. Steph, gasping at this, mentions she remembers seeing that one on the way into the city a few days back. “Yes, she is being held up at Red Roost, I am sure of it!”, Celestial says. 

The group, deciding they must first rescue this princess prisoner, comes up with a preliminary plan. They are going to have Morpholemew send scouts to figure out where she is being held. The group is going to get a disguise for Tzaad and then head over to Red Roost to scout it out themselves. “I have a friend, Golodor, a minstrel artist that can help you with makeup at the Bard college!”, Celestial says. Agreeing on this course of action, they begin to head out. Tzaad going first, feels a terrible burning return to his tattoo and his body is wracked with pain. He falls to his knees in agony acclimated to the growing buzzing from his polyhedron accompaniment. After a few moments, he can stand, the pain subsiding. After nervously watching this, the team goes out one by one, all succumbing the intense pain of reacclimating to a connection with their tattoo’s origin.  

They head to the bard college nearby, and Celestial breaks off with Tzaad to head to Golodor. Tzaad is surprised he is not feeling any hunger now, despite having not eaten in a few days. The rest of the team goes into the nearest food shop, “Ballad For Your Crepe”. Frain, going to pick up his crepe, and stopped by the server. “Hey man, welcome to Ballad for your Crepe. What’s your name so I can drop a mad ballad for you”. “Uh, it’s Chad”, Frain replies. “Radical, that’s my name too.”, Chad says. He belt sout a terrible barely rhyming ballad, “Oh Brad, you’re so rad, and I’m so glad I met youuuu.” After a moment Frain says, “It’s Chad”. “Right, Brad, rock on dude.” Shaking his head, Frain took his crepe and retired to eat his. Dom, Manu, and Steph also picked one up. 

Meanwhile, Tzaad and Celestial approach a building painted like a theater stage and enter through a side entrance. They eventually turn into a dark room with a sudden spotlight on them. After a moment the spotlight move to the other side of the room revealing a short man heavily clad in making, wearing a robe, and holding a fan, standing in 6-inch platform shoes up a small set of stage stairs. Waving the fan dramatically and giving off all sorts of flair, the man proclaims himself as Golodor as strutting down the stairs and over to Tzaad. Dazed and confused, Tzaad is moved to a nearby chai, and Golodor gets to work on a makeover after getting the details for Celestial. After several minutes he finishes up and smacks his lips declaring a masterpiece. Celestial, barely containing laughter, nods her agreement and they head out, thanking Golodor.

They head to the crepe shop and meet up with everyone else. Upon entering, Manu does a double take and stares at Tzaad. “What, is something on my face?”, Tzaad asks. At a loss for words, Manu hands him a small mirror. Looking into it, Tzaad sees his entire face is painted a very dark shade of brown and what looks to be a prosthetic nose twice the size of his normal one is plastered on under the makeup. Handing back the mirror, Tzaad quickly pulls on a pair of gloves to hide the color of his hands and suggests they get out of there quickly.

Having eaten and gotten a disguise for Tzaad, draping his cloak over his distinctive shield, Hard Pass, they head to the Red Roost.  

Coming up on the main exit from the city walls, they see a few small fields of crops surrounding the entrance, with a Hard Journey Inn nearby. Going through these they find there is a smaller walled in area and a second gate farther back. A few barracks and guard towers line the smaller walls on the side. Heading to the second gate leading into a large walled in courtyard, they run into a few guards and what looked to be a bald priest manning the gate. The priest was talking to one of the guards and turned around at their approach, He look around at them for a few seconds before seeing Frain. He looked scared and frantic for a moment before devolving into a fit of sneezing and coughing, waving them by quickly. 

Shrugging, the group heads in a looks around. There are three main sections to this courtyard, roughly he size of a football field. Off to the right is a large 3 story building that looks like a prison, ahead of them in a large walled in trading center that looks to have an assortment of cages and people inside, and to the left a large area full of more cages, mostly empty, that seems to house Aarakocra. After a bit of discussion, they decide to head into the trade center as it seems there is the best chance to find the princess.

Dom walks in first but is stopped by a woman in a full black and white tuxedo with a bowtie. “Hello, my name is Sarry Pete”, she squeaks in a refined, but high-pitched accent. “How many I help you fine masters this day”. At a loss for words, Dom looks around helplessly when Frain steps forward, “We would like to see your finest bird, please”. Nodding her head, Sarry beckons for them to follow. 

On their way back they are led past a seemingly endless parade of cages with small signposts in front and wooden rooves, all holding some manner of Aarakocra.  On the right they see a hugely muscular Aarakocra with a frock on green/blue feature down his back, flexing for a small crowd that has gathering around the cage. Eventually they are taken to a smaller cage that holds a pretty green and purple Aarakocra sitting in the corner. Rapping her knuckles on the cage, Sarry says, “Get up now, sing!”. Getting up slowly, the Aarakocra sighs and begins to hop up and down and flap its wings in a complex array of ritual dance. With a bock her, and a squawk there, he mesmerizes with his hopping and swaying. Celestial is chuckling a bit as they squawk out the dance.

Turning back to Sarry, Steph speaks up, “That was nice and all, but we’re looking for someone of the pink variety”. “I’m sorry, we have no such captive with us”, Sarry apologizes. “May we speak with whoever’s in charge here”, Frain asks. Sarry nods curtly and hurries off deeper into the building. Turning to Celestial, Steph asks if she understands the Aarakocra. Chuckling and nodding, Celestial replies, “Yes, it was just a large string of expletives that I do not think would translate well”. “Can you talk to him?”, Steph prods. Celestial tries, with a complex array of squawks and bocks, but the Aarakocra just turns his head, ignoring her. “I do not think he will speak to me, given how he is caged here because of humans”, Celestial says.

At this moment Sarry returns with the head of operations. Smiling and nodding, when he turns to look at them, they all realize at once a problem. It’s the priest from the front gate. As he realizes this as well, his eyes open wide and he whispers to himself, “Oh no”. 
