The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 10 November 6, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master – Manu the Monk – Celestial Rumplebutt

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Rob – Human Cleric – Dom Strongbottom

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

It had been a week since our adventurers found their way to the mountain fortress of the dwarven people of Kossuth, and all through the crystal caverns, there was a distinct decoration patterns indicating Hallows Eve. This was a cultural phenomenon that swept through the land of the Abandoned Star and is quite the spectacle back in Haven. The smells of pumpkin spice and cinnamon floated through the air, and everyone was dressed up. Seated in a large semi-circle of people facing a large luminescent crystal stage, we could see Manu dressed as a mummy, leaning into his cleric background Dom Strongbottom was a strong bottomed doctor, and Frain was dressed as a Tauntaun from the plains of Hoth (if we can remember, a certain natural 20 in the first session made the land of star wars canon in this world).  Tzaad was dressed as an exterminator, not quite well put together, and just missing the opportunity to be a human mousetrap. Steph to his left was dressed as… Tzaad. She had all Tzaad’s armor on and some extra makeup to exaggerate a frown on her face. 

Our heroes were gathered together this night to witness a Hallows Eve concert that Celestial had agreed to put on for the dwarves of the mountain. Up on stage there were three back up singers in the right corner, 2 elves and 1 dwarf, all dressed as chickens. On the other side of the stage was a gran piano set up, and behind the keys on a bench was Morpholemew, the king of cats, dressed as a lion. Center stage was Celestial herself, wearing an extravagant and sparkling dress in the style of a mermaid, and her dreadlocks done up in a grand display of a mermaid’s fin. 

Illuminated by the glow of the crystal surrounding all, and a crystal microphone in her hands, Celestial smiled out at the audience and introduced herself and the performance in her usual, lilting, Eastern Isles accent. “Welcome all, and thanks for joining me tonight. I wanted to start this concert off with a song I composed this past week, dedicated to someone very dear to my heart. It’s called Yesterday, dedicated to my brother, Teddy”. After a moment, Morpholemew began on the piano behind her and after a few seconds she entered the song with her rhymes and rap. Celestial was known across the main continent for her hip-hop music, and the group was struck dumb listening to her first performance, realizing they had never known what kind of music she made for all the time they had known her. By the time she had moved through some verses and bars, the audience was singing along with the chorus, “When the star is going down, When the dark is out to stay, I picture your smile, like it was yesterday”. When she finished up, the audience was awed by the performance, giving snaps in replacement of applause. 

Smiling, Celestial move don to the next song in her set, beginning a performance of more well-known songs that everyone recognized from taverns and inns they had frequented around the continent. As the performance went into full swing, our adventurers began to reminisce on the events of the past week for themselves. They had each gone on solitary treks seeking answers and introspection. 

Tzaad remembered his journey into the mountain, a solitary trek through the looming mountain walls and snow. Tzaad had found himself in the canyon the adventurers had come through that first day. He found the scars in the wall he must have made in the throes of his curse and ran his fingers lightly over the gouges. Turning away slowly he began toward the other end of the canyon and looked up a few moments later, realizing someone was standing at the exit. A large, dark, grizzled man with a huge beard, and a long red scar across his right eye, and scars lining his forearms. He didn’t recognize the man who stood as tall as he was, but he knew the look in his eye, a murderous one.

Pulling out his sword and shield, Tzaad called out, “Hail stranger, do you need something?”. After a few moments the stranger spoke up in a gruff and terse voice, tucking a piece of paper back into his front coat, “Are you the one they call Tzaad?”.  “Who wants to know?”, Tzaad asked in reply. “Someone who has something to settle with him”, the man replied. Tzaad, looking confused asked why. “It doesn’t matter why at this point, what matters is that you need to die for what you’ve done”, the man replied, stepping forward. Tzaad nodded after a moment and said, “So be it”, and steeled himself. The man screamed out in fury and dropped his heavy items, raising his spear and shield and charging and Tzaad head on, recklessly. It was a few moments of tense combat, with blows traded on either side, but in the end Tzaad was ruthless with his counter and final blows, learned the hard way while in the army. Tzaad finished the fight the other man started by running him through the heart with his moon blade. The man held onto the hilt of the sword, coughing up blood, and fixed his eyes on Tzaad, cursing him one last time before his eyes glazed over in the silent arms of death.

Sliding off his sword and to the canyon floor, Tzaad watched him thump down. He searched him and found just two things, and small locket around the man’s neck, and a wanted poster of Tzaad from the city. In the locket on one side was a picture of the man cradling a baby in his arms, and the other side a picture of a man and woman smiling, the other man looking a lot like the older man lying on the ground. After realizing what he had done, Tzaad fell to his knees and began to weep. He later carried the body back to the cavern and left it with the guards with instructions to deliver him and 20 gold to the family, and a small note he left. He paid the guards 30 silver for their trouble.

Back in the present day, Celestial was finishing up her song and moved quickly on to the next in the set. A Halloween inspired thumper that got everyone up out of their seats and bobbing to “Hood Hallows Eve”. Frain, bobbing his head, thought back on his journey this past week. He had felt a growing hunger for fire each night, and had a few small conversations for his crossbow, and had finally landed on a name, “Crossfire”. Frain prayed at the eternal fire each night trying to learn more of himself and his journey, feeling a little lost. Through hours of introspection and prayer he was able to work out that his mission would always include Kossuth, and it was a great opportunity to continue using his companions to further His cause. A cause of bounty, a cause to find out who She is, this false god she is or just another incarnation of Kossuth Himself. Frain felt as though the fire itself was asking him these leading questions about himself, and he had never felt closer to his god.

Present day again, Celestial was well into another jumper, and so Steph began a journey back in time through her mind on the events of her past week. Earlier in the week Steph had been trekking through the cedar forests of the mountain. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a white flash, clearly different from the flurries of snow around her. Looking around slowly she didn’t see anything, and she turned around. She found herself suddenly face to face with a white wolf, tall as a horse, the same one that had led them through the mountains earlier. Heart thumping in her chest she realized neither of them were moving and reached her hand out to it slowly. After a few moments, the wolf sniffed her hand, and pushed its head into her hand for a pet. Fading out of the memory and into another the next day, we see Steph was running through the forest, laughing, snow kicking up behind her, her spell book in one hand and her staff in the other. To her right was the white wolf, weaving through the trees, matching her speed. 

Out of this memory and into the next a few days later, Steph was in a hollow among the trees, reading and modifying her spell book. As she was working through the complex spell patterns, the wolf was approaching through the trees cautiously. Steph looked up and smiled. She had been cooking some rabbit she caught and pulled off a piece, holding it out to the wolf. Sniffing out it, the wolf reached out with her teeth and scarfed it down, tongue lolling out afterwards.  Laughing Steph felt the ties of a strong bond forming around the area her hand was touching to the wolf and up her arm, flowing through her body. She felt like she should give her new companion a name. After a few moments of thinking, she blurted out, “Waffle! I’ll call you Waffle.” A wolf smile on Waffle’s face, she seemed to like it. Feeling less lost and lonely with Waffle by her side, and a little less longing for her sister Annie, Steph was filled with a new resolve. 

Back in the present-day concert, Celestial was moving on to the last songs in the set and was on another favorite, Monsta’ in the Streets. Dom felt strongly that it was his turn to reminisce and thought back on his week. The first day after arriving, Dom was feeling as lost as the rest and decided he needed to commune with his god Zeus. He began a trek to the mountain peak, the highest point nearby. He began communing with his official ritual. Dom put his right hand out, his left hand out, flipped them over one by one, then both across his chest and wiggled his body. As he moved through the ancient ritual of macarena, he reached the crest, jumping around and sticking out his strong bottom to the sky. At that moment a flash of lightning flew across the sky and Dom felt a lightning presence in his heart. At this the power of the tattoo seemed to ebb for a moment, Dom losing the feeling of influence, before it came back. 

Throughout the rest of the week, Dom repeated this trek up to the mountain peak, attempting further communication with Zeus. He reminisced on his relationships with the party over this time, and on a certain kinship he felt with the other cleric in the group, Frain. He wondered further to himself how he got here and where he was going, and whether he was in a cult or not, and especially if he was the baddie.  Dom began “reminiception” at this point and thought back on his childhood. Dom recalled the ostracization he felt sharply through his childhood as an orphan. He vaguely remembers his father and mother before their death, and how he wants more than anything to find the sister he had been separated from when going into the system back in Haven. Reaching adulthood, he found solace in that out of the norm, a place for those misfits and outcasts. The church of Zeus was one such institution that found him another family, and beyond that the Order of the Polyhedron. He felt She had forsaken him all his life and was looking to find his way without Her.

Fading back to the concert, Celestial had just finished up the final song and was bowing to raucous applause from the audience. Looking down Dom himself clapping along with a large grin across his face. This concert had been awesome! Frain decided now was a good time to bother Tzaad. “Where is Gwanerra by the way, I haven’t seen her in a little while”. Tzaad turned towards him and answered, “Oh, we’re done, it’s over”. “Hey, I’m right here!”, Gwanerra spoke up indignantly. Steph nodded and stepped in. “Hey Gwanerra, babe, I didn’t see you there”, Steph said in an accurate mock of Tzaad’s voice and demeanor. Looking confused for a moment, Gwanerra decided to play along. “So, that’s it? You’re just tossing me out like garbage?”. “That’s right”, Steph-Tzaad replied. Steph-Tzaad was able to win over every attempt to guilt, sadden, or seduce her. Tzaad meanwhile homer faded into the background. In the end, Gwanerra was crying, with Steph-Tzaad nodding to herself for a job well done. Dom quickly talked to her just to give words of comfort, and she left feeling a little better.

Celestial, finished bowing with her stage mates, exited stage right. A little later, they had all gathered on the second floor of the caverns in a small home, for a Hallows Eve potluck. Frain had brought flaming hot Cheetos (on fire). Steph brought some roasted rabbit, that Waffle immediately ate. Tzaad brought a large pot of delicious smelling venison stew. Manu had brought a single purple cabbage, that he secretly tossed into the stew. Dom brought some lightning zapped chicken, with a peculiar pattern through the meat. Celestial brought a simple yet delicious looking spread of fruit. Morpholemew showed up with a dead rat, laying it at Tzaad’s feet with a twinkle in his eye. Tzaad pet him for a job well done of ridding this world of this vermin. 

After a bit of conversation, Tzaad decided to pick the pot of stew up and walked over to Steph, an evil grin on his face. Looking weirded out she asked him what was wrong. Tzaad pulled out the head of the deer he killed for the stew out of the pot, “I don’t know, ask him”. Steph tried really hard, but in the end she spewed up everything she had eaten that night. Tzaad was just too slow to get out of the way and not only did the stew get a new ingredient, Tzaad was hit full blast as well. Tzaad, not sure why he keeps doing this, is silent for a moment, then turns to take the stew out to the cats and change. Manu cries out in agony with a spoon in his hand, sad he was not able to try any.

After a few minutes, conversation picked back up again. Having gotten a hold of herself, Steph decided to ask Featherwind some questions. Bringing her some zapped chicken as a symbol of good faith, Featherwind seemed more relaxed. She began to open up about her circumstances and began to explain how she got to where she was. “I am the princess of the royal family of Barbaro, the king seat of the Eastern Isles”, she began in her screechy squawk in common. “I was on a dignitary mission to the lower mountains to visit the Aarakocra stronghold when my party was set upon by a large band of human hunters that were able to subdue us. My wings were clipped, and I was taken captive to be sold into slavery for whatever debauchery humans get up to”, she continued angrily. “I fear my kingdom will come under siege soon from some of the things I heard during my captivity. My family has cast out the humans that lived along side us decade ago, and perhaps that was for the best from what I’ve seen since being on this godforsaken continent.”  “That’s bullshit!”, Celestial burst out, startling everyone. “We’re not responsible for what is happening here, I lost everything because of what you did!”. As she was saying this, she was walking towards Featherwind like she was going to hurt her. Steph stepped in between them. 

Celestial shook her head and changed the subject. “What did you all this of the concert?”. Everyone agreed vigorously that it was great. “Good good, I’m glad you all enjoyed it. I realize that is probably the first time you’ve seen me perform”, she continued. “As you know by now my family lived in the Eastern Isles, but we were cast out with the rest of the humans a few decades ago. My parents died at sea on the journey here. Teddy and I were left orphans on a coastal city. We made our way to haven after a little while and tried to make something of ourselves in Haven. We grew up on the streets there, and I found my way to music, with whatever I could learn sneaking near the windows of the classrooms at the bard college. I guess I eventually started what is now known as hip-hop”. “Why is it called hip-hop?”, Dom asked. “I suppose because it makes your hips hop,” Celestial replied wryly. 

Manu stepped forward at this point, “Hey do you guys want to know about me?”. “No.”, Tzaad replied a little too quickly. Manu was suddenly in the corner, facing it with sadness squiggles above him. The night continued like this for a while, and everyone was much more relaxed after several drinks and rounds. Frain was conversing with his brother that he had caught up with earlier that week. “So, what else is new with you here?”, Frain was asking. His brother Flynn replied, “Ah so much bro, I’m engaged now you know.”  Looking surprised, Frain asked, “To who!?”. “Ah she is a beauty, and her name is Gwanerra”, Flynn told him. Looking supremely uncomfortable, Frain tried to break the news to him that she might not be maintaining her faithfulness to him. Frain failed to convince him though, just making Flynn angry. “You always do this, try to shit on my happiness. Well I’m not going to take this anymore!”, Flynn roared and began to storm out. Tzaad stopped him, trying to explain that Frain was right, but only serving to enrage him further, and he ran off.

After a few moments of uncomfortable silence, Celestial spoke up, “So, are we going to talk about the white elephant in the room?”. Looking confused, nobody answered. “The giant wolf in the corner, what is up with that!?!? Am I going crazy!?”. “Ah, I thought only I could see it, so I didn’t mention it”, Tzaad said. Steph smiled and gestured to the white wolf, “Ah right, everyone, this is Waffle, she’s with me. Everything smiled as if they all thought they were just individually imagining her and nodded at Waffle. “So”, Tzaad began, “I think we should probably figure out how to get to Tehrun”. After some discussion, they decide to visit the travel desk at Fantasy Cost-Co.

They all began to head out and found a stairwell down to the first level of the caverns. Giggling to himself, Tzaad attempted to trip Frain down the stairs, but got a critical fail and began to take a tumble down himself. Grabbing desperately for the rails, he missed those too and went rolling down all the way to the bottom, taking a good bit of damage on the way down. Stumbling to his feet, his face beet red, he didn’t look back and limped quickly to Fantasy Cost-Co ahead of everyone. He ran in and was bombarded by the welcome jingle. He ignored it and stopped by the travel desk, grumbling to himself and just waiting for everyone to catch up while he cooled off.

Coming in behind him a few minutes later, everyone was laughing with each other and were greeted by the welcome jingle. The jingle fairy descended, producing the music and singing out their welcome. “Fantasy Cost-Co, where all your dreams come true. Got a deal for you!” Frain, Manu, Steph, Dom, and Celestial were singing along and jamming to the beat. The jingle fairy seeing that everyone was so into it, kept going, everyone singing along to the chorus. They had all found bubble blowers on the way here and were blowing bubbles and dancing to the song as they walked up behind Tzaad, standing there with his arms crossed. It turned into about 5 minutes worth of singing and dancing and bubble blowing before calming now a bit. Waffle half-heartedly snapped at the jingle fairy as it flew away.

Dom blew some bubbles at the back of Tzaad’s head. “Hey, how’s it going man?” 

