The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 4 September 4, 2019
 
Alex – Dungeon Master - Human Monk – Manu
 
Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph
 
Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom
 
Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer
 
Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad
 
Feeling great about themselves and staring out into the water, our adventurers are startled back to reality by yelling and an increasing clamor back in the carnival. Out of the crowd burst a familiar cat, Bombalina, with Manu close on her heels, sweating profusely, and yelling in terror. “Quick, we got to go!”, shouted Manu on his way by the river. Everyone was jolted into motion when they saw just behind Manu, about 15 city watchmen were close on his heels.
 
They started following Bombalina and Manu up the river and a chase ensues! A few of the guard fall back a bit trying to take pot shots and manage to nick Dom in his strong bottom. Frain ducks into the first alley they pass to the right as he’s falling behind. Dom summoned a spiritual weapon in the form of a long staff and flung it sideways at their pursuers. About half were thrown off their feet and fall back a bit. The rest of the party ducks into the next alley at this point.
 
In their respective alleys, Frain doesn’t run into much trouble and takes a left at the next fork, on an interception course with everyone else. Tzaad barrels down the next alley in the lead, but nearly collides with a small carriage passing through, and the rest don’t fare much better on the way by. With a bit of a lead, Steph hurls debris in the alley back at the guards attempting to slow them down. Just one was able to dodge it all and not fall back, and boy was he familiar. In his familiar cockney accent, he waves his baton, yelling and waving his baton. It was Jim! Unfortunately, being so close he’s able to catch a glimpse of Tzaad’s face, whom he had a date with later.
 
At the next cross, Tzaad and Manu continue forward. Steph, Frain, and Dom hang a left, and Steph sends an illusion to the right, along with some Thaumaturgy from Dom to add sound effects. On their way down the left, Frain uses sacred flame to set debris on fire, that quickly turns into a large blaze, catching the builds around it on fire. Tzaad and Manu take a left at the next fork, trying to go in the same direction as the rest of the party.
 
Most of the guards stop to put out the blaze, a few followed to the right, and one continued forward. Steph hears a baby crying on her way around the next corner, but decides to ignore it, trusting the guards to take care of it. The two halves of the party come out of their alleys at the same time, surprisingly. Looking to the side they see each other, but directly ahead is a large parade full of all sorts of dragon floats, costumes and masks. Nearby stalls selling all sorts of dragon paraphernalia. They stumbled upon a quarterly silent festival in reverence of the Dragon People of the southern Mountains.
 
Tzaad heads to a nearby stall, and with a nat 20 stealth he leaves a coin for a mask, and slips into the procession, effectively disappearing, becoming one with the crowd. Manu loses sight and panics, heading over to buy a dragon mask, albeit with much less cool, and barely manages to slip into the crowd and out of sight. Steph and Dom deftly move through the crowd and to the other side, but Frain gets caught up and swept away. Thankfully nobody was able to follow behind them and don’t notice them. The guards come out of Tzaad’s alley further up the street but are not able to spot him or Manu. It seems our heroes were able to shake them.
 
Everyone groups up on the other side of the procession and moves with them towards the main Greyroad bridge over the mountain river to the south. After regrouping and discussing, they decide it’s time to go confront Balink Sparkneedle at Mulberry Cottage in Westside. They hail a carriage on the bridge and get some much-needed rest on the ride to the affluential neighborhood, getting out near the middle to avoid suspicion of stopping by the actual house. During the ride, everyone feels a tug of consciousness from their living weapons, as if they are getting stronger.
 
Flo in Manu’s hands chuckles and he senses the word “ENERGIZE”. Hard Pass, the trusty shield of Tzaad shudders and whispers “BLOOD” in his mind. Steph is jolted by the word “POWER” from her spellbook. Frain feels his sleek black crossbow frantically reach out to his mind and scream “FIRE”. Dom’s mace seems giddy when it seems to pose a question, “SPIKY?”. Everyone looks around nervously, uncertain of what they were feeling, and try to get some more rest before they arrive. Going to the specified address, they find the cottage in question. A very nice, 1 story cottage. It’s quite large and has a large front porch. On it is a servant woman smoking a pipe with the lantern lit nearby. Seeing this, Tzaad heads down the side of the house and is followed by Manu. As they creep down they see a few windows, with one lit in the back, and they feel a presence they can’t quite place but shake it off. Steph decide to walk up to the woman on the porch calling out merrily. The woman sees them, lays down her pipe and smiles.
 
“Ah, you must be the adventurers we’ve been hearing so much about. I’m Wendri, and my master requests the pleasure of your company. Hopefully we can clear up any current misunderstanding we might have.” At this, Dom, Frain, and Steph shrug and follow her in the front. While this is happening, Manu is looking into the window and recognizes Miestro, the Rat Boss, watching into the front room. At this point, a small dark figure darts at the back door yelling out. It’s Asparagus! And he is warning every one of their presence!
 
Miestro screeches and locks the door behind Gus, and heads to the door to the front room and peeks in as Gus joins everyone in the front room. Up front Steph, Dom and Frain are walking in as they see Gus come in the from the back. They also see a very large desk in the corner with a very small gnome behind in, presumably Balink, and on the desk is a large, magnificent black cat with a leather collar tethering him to the desk. This must be King Morpholomew!
 
“Asparagus, you traitor!”, the king hisses as he sees Gus enter. “Mind your tongue, Morpholomew, or I’ll have it removed”, Gus replies haughtily. The gnome looks pretty nervous, eyes flicking between the two cats and the adventurers. Frain chimes in, asking what’s going on here, and if they can get their 150 gold still. Asparagus offers them a deal, to just leave, and he’ll double their fee to 300 gold. “Don’t listen to him, his greed has made him evil and corrupt! Free me!”, the king yells out.
 
While this is happening, Steph stealthily uses Mage Hand and undoes the clasp around Morpholemew’s neck, freeing him. Noticing too late, Balink grabs for the king, but he seems to have a sort of surreal, royal nimbleness, and in one swift movement, he dodges and weaves and pins Asparagus to the floor in the middle of the room.
 
Miestro screeches from the back room, and flings the door open, and a horde of rats comes flooding in. A moment later, behind our heroes, the front doors bursts open and in fly the pack of Worgs, seemingly here to help the King with Ungrulf at the lead. Scurrying under their feet is Bombalina! “I’m back, I’m back! I got help, helps!”, she squeals on her way in. The room is tense for only a moment, until a loud scrape and squelch echoes, and a head lands in the middle near the cats. It is Miestro’s head!
 
Having used this distraction to sneak in behind Miestro in the back room, Tzaad and Manu use a series of deft maneuvers and a well timed crit, and Manu is able with a final blow of Flo to sever Miestro’s head from he body and send it flying into the front room. From here it was pandemonium!
 
As the worgs were deftly dispatching a healthy amount of rats, the rest of the team set at it, running interference on the rats and the cats. Tzaad was hacking and slashing like he couldn’t get enough of killing rats, Manu off to his side whipping out with Flo, and a flurry of his hands back and forth, rat gore flying. Steph was able to keep a good chunk of them at bay with well placed Poison Sprays, having run low on her spell casting ability from the very long night they’ve had. Frain was tossing guiding bolts. Dom with doing what he could to make sure none of his team was felled.
 
It was a brutal battle, but by the end, only one of the worgs had lost their lives, and the rest of the rats had been taken out. Turning their wrath on Balink they questioned him and were able to squeeze 150 gold out of him. King Morpholomew stepping in began thanking them profusely. Upon questioning, he relayed that this was official cat business and Balink and Asparagus would be tried by the Congress of Cats. He began telling them of helping them out of the city but was cut short by something he sensed.
 
Dashing out, he came back in a few moments later. Following behind was an amazed looking woman. She had dark skin with long dreadlocks, reaching to mid back, and tipped with pink dye. She is very tall, and reminiscent of someone they have met. Her eyes were bright and hazel, with a looking of long held amusement in them. Her clothing was a tasteful mash up of clothing, speaking to that of a bard. Along her back is strapped a large crossbow, and at her hip a small dagger. Most strikingly, is that it seems what they can see of her left arm has been replaced with a clockwork contraption, instead of flesh. On her other hip was a mini lute. Looking around at the destruction and them down at the King, who nods back at her and says, “Mother! These fine adventurers just saved my life and have the eternal gratitude of the cats!”.
 
Looking at them, the woman smiles widely, and in a thick, Eastern Isles accent says: “Hello, my name is Celestial Rumplebutt! Thank you for what you have done here.” As she says this, she moved forward to Frain standing in front, and extends her hand. Frain taking her hand in his, obviously flattered, smiles back up at her.