The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 2 August 7, 2019
 
Alex – Dungeon Master - Human Monk – Manu
 
Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph
 
Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom
 
Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer
 
Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad
 
Our adventurers find themselves in a predicament standing over the naked corpse of a well-respected priest in the community, and the blood-soaked body of a young girl chained to the statue. After some deliberation between the everyone, they decided to offer her a ride back to HQ in Haven. Dazed and confused, Eryn probably said yes, but who knows.
 
Waiting until morning, they snuck out of the temple just before daybreak, and rode their horses hard back south, towards Haven. Two hard days of journey pass, and on the second night a rustling in the leaves brought Steph back to herself from meditation. Looking around she saw that all were accounted for and soundly asleep (Except for Tzaad who seemed to be barking in his sleep), except for Eryn, who seemed to be missing. Steph quickly rallied everyone awake and explain Eryn was gone. Frain cast light quickly, and a few others got out their torches ready for the search. After some investigation, they soon realized too much time has passed since Eryn took off and they will begin searching. It was unlikely in this darkness they would be able to find or catch up to her. With heavy hearts everyone decided to get a few more hours of sleep before dawn for the final leg of the journey back to Haven in the morning.
 
Morning came and went, and it was high noon by the time the adventurers approached the Greyroad gate into the city, the main entrance for travelers and caravans. A small garrison of soldiers was stationed in housing outside of the gate, with a more robust looking house closer to the gate, probably housing the local commander. Entering the outer gate, they hitched their horses to the traveler’s stables, and looked to enter the city proper.
 
From the crowd entering the city, they see a gnome pushing his way back out, and hurrying towards them, waving his arms. Wearing a full suit with a pocket watch in his breast pocket, and missing his left ear, he was a sight to behold. “Greetings young masters!”, he manages to wheeze out in between gasping breaths. “I’ve been sent to receive you on behalf of the order! My name is Stellar Oilpot; yes of THOSE Oilpots”. “Oilpot’s?”, Dom remarks. “Yes, as in half the mining operations in the mountains! I’m just a second cousin to the main family, so no inheritance of course, and so I’m here, ferrying children back and forth to the university, running all over town like a mad gnome! But that’s neither here nor there, please, follow me back!”.
 
The adventurer’s shrug and follow him into the city. Near the entrance there were many establishments geared towards tired adventurers, including a brothel named “Hard Journey”. Passing through they notice the Eastgate to the left, the main entrance for merchants, and to the right, Newbridge, containing the Red Roost entrance where the aviaries and flying mounts are kept. At an intersection they are suddenly stopped by a procession of shackled humanoid bird creatures. Stellar looking supremely uncomfortable begins smoothing out his sparse hair and suit. “What’s going on here? “, Steph asks the party. “I think those are aarakocra, bird people. Is that right, Stellar?”, Tzaad replies. “Yes, yes, nasty business I think, but in the past 10 years or so the Hunters and Knights have taken it up as sport hunting their kind in the lower east mountains, near their strongholds. They only seem to catch stragglers and scouting parties, but nobody has penetrated their great forest strongholds.”
 
Steph was obviously perturbed by this and began to step forward towards the creatures, noticing one standing out from the green and brown feathers, magnificent in their Pink feathered accents along the eyes. Tzaad reached out and put his hand on her shoulder, shaking his head. They knew they could not take on the city guard and the Hunters and mounted knights leading the procession.
 
Once they passed the crowd moved on, like nothing was amiss, and so our adventurers continued, following Stellar towards the mid-city bridge over the mountain river running through the center of the city. The roar of the rushing river was deafening as they passed over. Over to the right they noticed a group of dwarves on one side hooting and hollering and jumping in the river, dodging the jagged rocks until they hurt themselves and were fished out by their friends. “Ah, Mountain Diving, the dumbest sport for dumb adrenaline seeking dwarves”, Stellar huffed.
 
In the center of town after the river there was a huge spire, so high they could not see the top from where they were standing. The fifth wonder of the world the peddlers in front were yelling out to the passing crowd. Scholar’s Spire erected some time in the past 250 years, and impenetrable by magical forces for 100 years. A great mystery to all those who live here. Kids were buying sparkling rocks from the peddlers and tossing them at the tower. The rocks exploded into a shower of rainbow sparks upon striking the tower, leaving it unharmed.
 
Around here they notice several more universities around the city, Emerald Star University, Fallen Star University, Twilight Star University, and Singing Star Univeristy. To the left is Theist’s Gate, the south east gate containing an eccentric collection of mechanics and tinkerers that form a community. Amongst them lay Metal Star University. They can see many wonders down the side streets, including what looked like the beginnings of a clockwork sky ship on the side of a building. Along the river on this side lay the famous Clockwork Carnival, running every night to show of all wonder of wonderful machinations of clockwork. Nearby someone jumped off the building and came hurtling towards the group. Stellar hit the ground just in time for the person to extend their legs and arms, deploying some flying mechanism that sent them soaring back upwards and around the corner of a building down a side street. The adventurers looked on in wonder.
 
Walking through Blackridge on the final leg of their journey to the other side of the city, they enjoy sights of many boutiques, including apothecaries, inns, bars, and a recognizable chain of Koffee shops called “Forgotten Tea”. Several hipster elves sit outside, sipping on okay, overpriced coffee.
 
A beggar runs up to Dom and asks him for alms. Making light of his situations, Dom notices someone in his pocket and slaps the hand away, and off runs a thwarted street urchin. Turning back to the beggar he finds he has disappeared down a side street.
 
Finally, they pass by Six Points park, in the form of a star and up to a citadel like construction that is their home, Gold Star University, housing the Order of the Polyhedron.
 
Inside the walls is a spectacle of large training grounds on either side of the road leading up to the main building, and many smaller buildings surrounding it. Including greenhouses on the left, and barracks for local militia to protect the student son the right. The greenhouse was a bustle of activity with junior druids working on experimental plants and walking the manicured forest grounds. In the training grounds, many monks in a flurry of different techniques with fists and legs, hard to track with the eyes.
 
Tzaad runs up to a nearby apple tree and plucks an apple, hungry after his journey and chomps into it. Failing a constitution save, he finds out the hard way that this was the experimental “Singing Apple Tree”. For the next 5 or so minutes, he breaks out into an operatic rendition of a popular soldier’s song, stunning everyone on the grounds into silence.
 
A presence suddenly appears behind Tzaad, deftly grabbing the apple from his hands, as Tzaad goes for another foolhardy bite, and makes it disappear. Looking back, the adventurers find the sight of a very tall, and well-built man. Skin so dark it almost appears pitch black, smooth, bald head, and flawless skin with no marks. He is sparsely dressed in rough, well-made linens, showing of the smooth curves of his muscles. In his right hand he walks with a huge gnarled staff, almost ancient looking, and on his left ring finger they notice a ring a swirling vine, seeming to be in the shape of a ring. In a deep, rich voice, he greets them. “Hello, you must be the initiates I was waiting for.” After addressing them each by name, he introduces himself as Theodore Rumplebutt (Room-Play-Boot), a member of the council. “Careful with that apple! It makes you sing!”, Tzaad exclaims suddenly. “I know what it does, I planted it.”, Teddy looks over to his staff and chuckles, as though in some shared joke.
 
The group relays all they went through in Greymoor, the murders, werewolves, and Eryn who escaped. Teddy takes this all in with a solemn expression and nods. “You did well for what you were given, a true feat for those so new”. Stepping on the earth to the side with his bare feet, four coin pouches rise from the earth. Teddy reaches down and scoops them up, and hands one to each of the party. “100 gold pieces as recompense for the job done, it was a hard one”. He then turned towards the building a beckon everyone to follow him.
 
Dom picks his jaw up from the floor and follows eagerly, the rest close behind. Inside they see the area they were used to so far, to the left a cafeteria, and to the right the initiates quarters. To the back a staircase leading up to a second floors, and another leading down to cellars and dungeons. Up the stairs they find a release of magical tension as Teddy squeezes his staff, allowing them to pass into the rest of the university, and down a few hallways they are brought to their new quarters as Enrollees. “Here you will now stay, between two rooms. I will give you some time to unpack and take showers before we continue”, Teddy explains. At this point as the party heads into their rooms, Teddy plants his staff next to him as it stands upright and sits back on a couch in the common area, pulling out a small booklet and scribbling into it from one of his pouches.
 
 
 
Dom and Frain quickly make themselves at home, nearly failing a survival check to connect their separate beds into bunk beds. They will from then on sleep in constant fear of the makeshift bunk beds collapsing on them in the night.
 
Coming out a little later, they find Teddy gone, but his Staff standing there and his booklet lying on the couch where he was. Dom picks up the book to the open page and can decipher the following: “Husband, second level of hell… Feywild?”, before he is interrupted by the presence of Teddy behind him. “And what are you doing there?”, Teddy asks. “Nothing!”, Dom squeaked, quickly handing him the book.
 
Teddy looks at him suspiciously before pushing past, grabbing his staff, and beckoning them to follow him down the next corridor. Dom wonders to himself, what could that mean, what did I just read!? The group follows Teddy into a side conference room. A large table sits in the middle, with chalkboards along the walls, and on the far end of the table lay several weapons and armor, with softly glowing energy.
 
“I want to formally welcome you as full members to The Order”, Teddy proclaims, and reaches out to the weapons on the table. Handing them out the adventurers realize there is far more to these weapons then was apparent at first. Upon touching each one, they all felt a surge of power, almost like an attunement, and a whisper of intelligence from each of their boons. Steph got a leather bound Spellbook of investigation (+1 investigation). Tzaad received a simple steel shield of perception (+1 perception). To Frain, a sleek black wood crossbow of stealth (+1 stealth). Rob received a steel mace of intimidation (+1 intimidation). These were unique, living weapons they were free to name and grow with as they progress in their adventures. Everyone stared in awe at their new companions, well they all failed constitution saving throws, flying into a vision.
 
In this vision they remember entering a pitch-black room alone, with a single object floating and gently spinning in the middle. It was a soft light golden 20-sided polyhedron, smooth on all sides. Something compels them to walk up and gently lay their hand on a smooth side. Upon this they are thrown into vision-ception, recalling a vision they had within this vision!
 
A flash of their world on fire, and then a scene of a stunningly beautiful elf’s face smiling at them, with long flowing golden locks, then another vision of a dwarf with a huge red braided beard lying on his back, lifeless eyes staring upwards as a large cloaked figure slowly pull a large jagged knife from his chest.
 
Everyone came back to themselves in the conference room as once, clutching their burning tattoos and splitting heads. They know remembered the details of their initiation ritual, and how their tattoos had appeared on them the next day after touching the polyhedron.
 
“You should now remember all the details of your initiation. Welcome to the Order of the Polyhedron!”, Teddy exclaims, raising his arms. “You are now Enrollees, up from Initiates. As you know the full rankings are Initiate, Enrollee, Graduate, Professor, Administrator, Councilmember, and finally the president.” “With this you can access the rest of the main parts of the university, including our expansive library system. Which reminds me, I have someone to introduce to you!”
 
Teddy opens the door and in walks a very tall, star kissed young man which a huge mop of flopping brown curls, and a shy smile on his face. Teddy explains his initial party had been wiped out by a horde of hobgoblins that devoured his team before Teddy could find them for resurrection. The party was suspicious at his involvement, and huddled together, nearly rejecting him.
 
Just outside the door, Tzaad spoke privately with Teddy, telling him of the curse he has been infected with of lycanthropy, and pleading with him to help lift the curse. Teddy, nodding in understanding, replied that in two days hence he will have the necessary tools to lift the curse from him.
 
Walking back in, Tzaad finds a scene of Manu gently crying with a smile of his face, and the rest of the group looking inspired. He had just missed an immensely inspiring speech about perseverance of Manu, as he was unanimously accepted into the group! They now had a skilled monk who has read probably every book in the city while attaining his multiple advanced degrees at the university!
 
“I am glad to see it has all worked out”, Teddy smiles and nods. “From here on until you reach graduate, you will have to find those in need of help and prove your worth in solving the woes of this world. There are always those who wish harm upon others, and those that just need a little help. Make us proud and represent us well to move up in the ranks to higher priority missions”, Teddy explains.
 
Later after some rest, the adventurers head out to town. After walking around a bit this night, they notice a small animal of sorts following them from the alleys. Dom eagerly goes after them down a side alley, but realizes they lost the trail quickly. After some investigation, he notices a cat on the sill above him the in alley, and as it notices him looking, jumps down on his head, then the ground.
 
Steph reaches out and the cat, black with white paws, eagerly rubs up against the hem of her robes. Looking closer she notices a small tag tied to the tail that read: “Follow Me”. At this the cat runs down the alley a bit and down another side alley, deeper into the city. The spark of adventure in the group’s eyes, they quickly chase after him. Upon entering this alley however they find a scene they were not expecting. No cat, and all of a sudden, a large half-ogre rises from a trash pile on the side.
 
“Ya’ should know better than ta’ bring ya’ friends down moy alley, Gus!”, the ogre rumbles. Looking towards the group and brandishing the largest shiv they had ever seen he says, “Now, lil’ people, we can do this tha’ easy way, or tha’ hard way”. Tzaad raises his new shield and grins widely, proclaiming, “Hard Pass”, the name of his new companion. The ogre looks stupidly at him for a second, stunned into silence by the sheer brilliance of the quip, then attacks them!
 
It was a tense, quick battle, where Dom was taken down by a shiv to the gut. Frain went for a command word to stun the ogre, then healed his friend. Tzaad was locked in intense focus of slashing at the creature, and Steph was focus on using her catapult spell to toss trashcans in the alley to take him down. With a final blow from Tzaad, the ogre stops his thrashing suddenly and goes down with a thunderous boom.
 
Searching him they found some silver and copper, as well as a wallet with an id. The ID shows they were fighting a half-ogre named Grorth, in Grorth’s Alley. Suddenly the cat they were following appears on a box behind them and speaks, yes SPEAKS, in a light, slightly higher pitched cultured accent. “I do apologise for that little mishap, but I took a foolish shortcut – there is very little time left, you see. My name is Asparagus, but you may call me Gus if you wish. Please come with me now, for we are nearly there.” At this he jumped down and runs out of the alley at the end and across the street to an abandoned warehouse.
 
The group follows him cautiously, noticing how empty the streets around them are and how dilapidated it all looks. Inside the warehouse they find a small office leading to a room in the back. Behind the back door they are greeted with a wondrous sight. Rows of tiered benches lining a huge room, surrounding a raised platform in the middle on which Gus sits. On the benches sit hundreds and hundreds of cats all calling out, and mewling, and hissing. They all fall suddenly silent as the party enters.
 
Asparagus speaks: “Greetings friends, and welcome to the Congress of Cats. I am Asparagus Whitesocks, and I am the First Speaker of this House. I ask the House now – do you welcome these outsiders?”