The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 5 September 18, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master

Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

Starstruck, Frain is at a loss of words for a moment while shaking this strange woman’s hand. Before they can ask her any questions, everyone is interrupted by the sound of commotion far down the street as many cats come in the front door. Several them were wearing small vests with badly stitched words on the side reading: “Cleenup Kroo”, including Bombalina. “We must hurry, the guard are on their way”, Griddlebone growled out. Nodding, Morpholemew turned to the adventurers and said, “Go adventurers, I will meet you after I have taken care of business here”. Celestial, nodding her head, agrees and beckons for them to follow her to her home near the bard college, Singing Star University. 

Walking through the streets and following close behind Celestial, they make it to the borough of Newbridge and into a small, residential neighborhood. They pass Singing Star University, with its lopsided buildings shaped as instruments and stages. Being so late there are not many people out. Celestial’s place was a homey looking three story apartments, with a home on each floor. Inside on the first floor was a small foyer, with a staircase in the middle leading up in a spiral. On the third floor, Celestial beckoned them in.

From outside the door, they could see her home is a cluttered mess. There are half made instruments lying everywhere, candles with open flame n the floor, books and tomes scattered everywhere and overflowing from bookshelves. There is a small fireplace in the back, a bed tucked into the corner, also covered in stuff, and a small couch in the middle littered with tools and papers. Everyone follows her in but are immediately struck with a deep exhaustion. Everyone but Frain failed their constitution saving throws. Everyone else passing out, Frain falls to his needs and looks up. He sees Celestial running over to him, looking confused and scared, yelling something he couldn’t hear. Before passing out he is overcome with the realization that there is a sudden loss of a warmth and buzzing that was so constant for the past week from his tattoo, that he only noticed it when gone.

The adventurers find the warmth of the sun on their faces, and the rugged terrain of a dirt road under their feet. They realized they had their eyes closed and blink them slowly open, and realized they were walking down a path in the forest, toward a clearing that contained the entrance to a town. When they enter the clearing, they come upon a man, raving something that engraves the thought of dandelions into their minds. As he collapses in front of them, and the last breath goes from his body, Dom looks indifferently down at him, and steps lightly over his body, towards the town gates.

Reaching the closed gate, they look up to see a few guards playing cards. Tzaad called out, and one jumped up, startled and grabbed him spear, looking down at them. “Oy, what do you want?!”, Jim called down. Abel Bulge sighed, shaking him head, and got up slowly from the card table, looking down over the wall. Dom’s eyes lit up, like he’s just met up with a good friend. After some back and forth, they find out the city is closed to all non-humans, the area is called Jersey Hill, and they are directed to a nearby farm.  
 
Heading off, they eventually come to a fork. The sign pointed to the right for the farm, but Tzaad saw a rustling to the left in the underbrush. Upon some investigation, three people jump out of the bushes, humans with heavy orangish tans, and rippling abs. Two men, and one woman. One man was shirtless and flexing his pecs, the other wearing a linen tank top. The woman was extremely short, with insanely long nails, who seemed to be chewing something but there was clearly nothing in her mouth. “Yo yo, hold up there. You want to pass, you gotta pay the toll.”, the one in front said. Tzaad looks over to Frian, and then to Dom. Then he shrugged and walking down the other road towards the farm. Dom and Frain started follow him. “Wait, don’t you at least want to know who we are? I’m Sauly D, that is Guidolo, and she is Sookie, and together, we’re the Jersey Hill Boys!”. The group continued to ignore them and walk away.

Later they entered a clearing and saw a rise of building, a barn, a house, an a few silos, all painted green with yellow tops, making them look a lot like dandelions. They see two small figures that they recognize as a young orc girl and young dwarf girl when they come closer. They are not very talkative and direct them up to the barn house. When they look in they see a crazy scene of children yelling at each other as they hurry around doing chores, and just one human woman holding a baby and working on dinner. She noticed them and launched into a spiel in an jersey accent, “If you’re here for a meal, grab some tats from the bin and peel them. “Hang on ,we’re not sure why we’re here, Tzaad proclaimed. “Ah well, you can make yourselves useful then, go find my boy Pynroth, I haven’t seen him all day, and help Jovee in the barn deliver her little goat babies if she’s ready to go.  I’m a little busy here and would appreciate it.” Looking to the side she yells, “Verner, take these men to the goat, and come back when you’re done.” 

With seemingly nothing to say about it, the adventurers shrugged and followed Verner to the barn. “So how are you kid, Dom asked”. Verner just sighed and rolled his eyes. “Listen here you little shit”, Tzaad started to say, but then they heard screams coming from the barn. They rushed in to see the other goats huddled in a corner, and what was likely Jovee in the middle, bleating and screaming, looking much larger than seemed possible for a pregnant goat to be. Panicking for only a moment, Tzaad rushed over ready to take control of the situation.  After Verner calmed her down a bit, Tzaad realized the goat was ready to pop and got to delivering the baby. Unfortunately, what came out was unlike anything they expected. It was a two headed goat with blood red fur.  

Thinking is was over, another kid came out, this time with one head but still red fur. And then another. Soon six kids had come out, an unlikely event. With the last out, a final gush of afterbirth splashed out on Tzaad, leaving him dripping with what looked like blood. The goats started trotting off to the other side of the barn, huddling around the two headed one. Everyone rushed out to get some air and keep from retching. “That was crazy, did you see that!?”, Frain seemed to ask in hysteria. “See that? I’m covered in it!”, Tzaad exclaimed. He headed quickly for the nearby well, and took off his shirt, pulling up a bucket and drenching himself. Shirtless and wet, Tzaad turned to find the two girls from earlier staring at him wide eyes from the stables nearby. 

He briskly walked over and asked, “Would you happen to know where the rest of your family is, we’re in a bit of a hurry here”. The dwarf, eyes the blood still on his hands, took a step back. With a mad twinkle in his eyes, Tzaad took a step toward her, “Wait, it’s not like that, Im just trying to find your brother, I’m trying to help him!”. After this went on for a little while, and  Frain stepped in, being a fellow dwarf, Bridd, as they were able to glean her name, let them know she thinks Pynroth went to a clearing a mile up the road, where he’s not allowed. Thanking her, the party headed off in that direction quickly. 

Upon arriving they came upon a scene of a pack of wild dogs attacking what looked to be an elf and a Tiefling boy. Stepping quick into the battle, Tzaad charged forward, Sword in one hand, Hard Pass gleaming in the other, and slammed into the nearest, sending them flying. It seemed there were eight in total. Frain and Dom came in close behind. Shortly after closing the distant, Dom was jumped by a ninth dog, a much bigger one that seemed to be the alpha, and got knocked down. Hacking and slashing, blood flying everywhere and splashing on his face with eyes glinting with glee, Tzaad was sending dogs to hell left and right. Dom was able to regain his feet, and Frain was putting crossbow bolts into as many as he can. After missing a few, Dom was finally able to connect with his mace a few times, the shout of “Spiky” echoing around in his head. Soon enough it was over, Tzaad once again drenched in blood and  breathing heavily. 

The elf, thanking them for their assistance, introduced himself as Beralt, from Emerald Star University in Haven. He was tracking strange occurrences in Jersey Hill and had come across this scene after tracking through the forest. He handed them his last health potion and a bag of 50 gold for the help. He handed of the boy and made his way into the forest, bidding them farewell.

Heading back to the farmhouse, they came across a terrifying scene when they had it in site again. The red goats had all increased in size exponentially, the two headed goat having grown to the size of a horse, and all chasing after the boy Verner towards them. No time to lose, they jumped into action again and grabbed the attention of the lead goat. Verner makes a break for it while the team attacks the goats. With a few well-timed strikes, they fell the other goats easily, but have to hack and slash for a while at the two headed goat, until finally, it collapses in defeat. 

Quite out of energy at this point, the adventurers head wearily up to the house, where the mother, Bea is standing, slack jawed and her wooden spoon in her hand. “Wow”, she says, “Thanks for saving my boy, but my god you look like hell”. Tzaad, seeming to get ticked off at this remark, flicked some of the blood on her. “How dare you!”, Bea screaming, and wacked him as hard as she could over the head with her wooden spoon. Rolling a critical failure constitution save, Tzaad is knocked out could, and the others are barely able to suppress their laughter. 
