The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 8 October 16, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

Looking down at the body of this decrepit thing, our adventurers were unsure of what to make of the body and the tattoo. Reaching down, Tzaad grabbed a lock of the vampire’s hair and tied it up and put it away. “What? Just in case it is useful!”, Tzaad said defensively, as Manu eyed him with concern. After some agreement, Frain burned the body with a holy spell, and they attempted to continue up the corridor, past the prisoners once more. “She was cheeky, eh?”, Blood Drayner in the cell remarked loudly. “Shut up, or you’re next”, Tzaad threatened as they walked past. “Hey just let me out of here, I’ll show you the way!”, Blood pleaded. The adventurers ignored him.  They found there was no longer a magical impediment in their way, so they continued until coming to a simple wooden door at the end of the hall.

Steph deliberated for a bit and decided there must be some trick to it. After examining and investigating the door for a little while, she was unable to decipher it secrets. Remembering she had keys she grabbed them giddily off her belt and went to work trying them. After none fit, Frain stepped forward and simply tried the handle. To everyone’s surprise, the door swung open! As they are confronted with the room, the party is hit with the foul stench of iron and decay. It was too dark to see much, so Tzaad attempted to illuminate the dark secrets by unsheathing his moon blade.

Frain casted light on a copper coin and tossed it into the room, and it landed near what looked like an operating table with a small arm hanging off the side. Tzaad crept forward to investigate, but noticed a large, dark shape in the opposite corner of the room out of the corner of his eye. Turning quickly to face it, Tzaad gestured towards it for Frain to illuminate. Frain used another coined and tossed it at the shape. Lighting quick, a hand shot up and grabbed the coin out of the air, snuffing out the light. Tzaad moved a little closer and recognized something in a dimly lit face. With that glint of recognition in his eyes, the creature suddenly attacked, and our adventurers were locked in battle.

Tzaad taking the defensive kept the creature at bay with Hard Pass, hacking and slashing in between blocking blows, with Manu tossing darts and Steph attempting some poison gas to no avail, and Celestial mocking as ever. Sometime in the battle, everyone was able to recognize the visage of Grorth, the ogre they had fought in the alley what seemed like years ago but was only a few days back. After felling the creature, they noticed something odd about him. Stitching up and down the body indicated a reattachment of limbs and skin. The most prominent being the stitching along the chest where the heart goes. Looking back at the table, Tzaad marched up to it and shone the light into the face of the corpse. With a gasp of horror, he realized he knew her too. It was little Eryn, the werewolf from the Northern Mountains. A pounding in his ears suddenly overtakes all that Tzaad can hear, and his vision went red for a moment, before returning to normal.  Looking down, he noticed her heart had been cut out, presumably put into the creature they had just felled. 

After searching for a bit and investigating the walls for secret entrances, Tzaad remarked how clean the rest of this lab was, before conceding and moving on with the rest. Frain walked up to the vampire who looked smug and demanded answers. “Hey now, come on. Let me out and I’ll tell you whatever you want to know”, the vampire replied, smirking. Tzaad moved quickly and efficiently slid his sword through the bars and stabbed the vampire in the leg before he had a chance to react. Blood Drayner screamed and fell back onto his rear. He grabbed his leg and rocked back and forth for a minute saying, “Tsssss, Ahhhhhh”, over and over. “What the hell man, what was that for?”, Blood yelled. “You know what, just answer our questions”, replied Tzaad. After hesitating for a moment, the vampire told them of the singular guard he usually saw come down, and the screams from the room down the hall, but he knew nothing else. 

The party continued down the hallway at this point, and turned right at the cross, attempting to continue in another way they had not been able to before. Finding no impediment here as well, they passed rows of prisoners. Using the copper coin trick now, Steph threw a couple down, noticing just more rows of cells. Toward the end they found a bend to the right that led into a larger room with what looked to be a small forest farther back. This was presumably the atrium. They had found it! 

Stepping in together, the group looked around. Tzaad felt a familiar chill down his spine as Frain cast detect magic. It seemed everything was layered in magic. The floors, the ceiling, and a big screen of magic that was the entrance to the forest area. Throwing a copper coin at the screen, Steph watched it burn up mid-air. At this moment, they heard a scraping noise from the hallway behind them. Everyone but Tzaad turned, Tzaad keeping his eyes locked forward towards the forest. Out of the darkness shambled what they recognized as a ghast. At the same moment, two hell hounds rose out of fire from the ground directly in front of Tzaad, who was luckily looking their way. 

Tzaad began by swinging out in a wide arc, attempting to hold them back from advancing. Steph, taking up position behind him, used a thunder wave to attempt taking it out. The hell hound moved over and dealt a devastating bout of flaming breath, nearly taking out Frain, Tzaad, and Steph in one blow. Realizing the seriousness of their situation now, everyone set into a more defensive, grim stance.

From behind, the ghast goes after Celestial, taking a good chunk out of her. Manu, wanting to come to aid, rushes to her side and lashes out with Flo, but being met with a critical fail, and Flo slipping out of his finger and sliding across the ground away from him. Celestial sends out some healing energy to help the group. Frain gets the idea to use an upgraded Command he had learned, and succeeded in getting the hell hounds to “Flee”. Both turning and hightailing it, they ran right into the screen and disintegrated in front of their eyes. Tzaad, Steph, and Frain turned back to lend a hand finishing off the ghast with Manu and Celestial.

Frain notices the magic he had seen surrounding them had now vanished, leaving no trace of the screen with it. Celestial called out to the princess in Aarakocra, hoping she was in there. After a little bit of silence, and a few tentative “bocks” from the bushes, the princess emerged from the trees looking suspicious. Picking up a rock, she threw it at the screen, finding it pass right through and nailing Frain in the head.  The pink highlights unmistakable, and the way she held herself strikingly superior, she was no doubt the princess. Squawking out in a high-pitched voice in common, she introduced herself as Princess Featherwind and insisted they be off. 

Before heading off, Steph used invisibility on her to attempt some stealth. Holding onto Celestial’s shoulder, she was led out. The group didn’t meet any resistance on the way back down the hall and up the stairs through the small office. Once in the small jail area, they noticed their prisoners, Jim and Abel, were gone from their cell. They noticed the sound of bells and shouting in the distance and looked at each other with alarm.  

While the party gathered themselves, Tzaad was compelled to move towards the door, slightly ajar to the outside. Every step increased the pounding in his eyes and his vision grew redder by the second. Reaching out slowly, he began to peek outside, but slammed the door as hard as he could without noticed and looked up into the sky. All encompassing in his vision was the view of a blood red moon, seeming to take over the entirety of the sky.  Looking past Tzaad with concern, Steph saw a dim alley in between building with a torch slightly illuminating the area and called out, “Hey, are you okay?”.

Tzaad, twitching slightly and moaning, held his head in his hands… claws suddenly and began to shake violently. Swaying back and forth faster and faster, his body began to take shape into something monstrous. Fur sprouting from every surface of his body, his leg and arms elongating into claws, his face extending into a razor toothed snout. He howled up at the moon in agony and triumph. Panting momentarily, he looked back at the rest of the group, and began to creep forward. Suddenly he heard the sounds of guards outside, turned, and bolted out.  

The sounds and clangs, and screams rang out clearly in the night. The screams were cut off as suddenly as they began, and there was the unmistakable sound of ripping flesh and the thudding of bodies against the buildings and ground. Tzaad ran forward, unknown to himself and others, as he WAS the night. He would rip and tear and eat the hearts of his enemies. And there were so many… Finding himself out of the back gate after what seemed like hours later, his hunger still not sated, he turned towards the stables. Putting one huge claw on the gate and looking in at his future meals, he suddenly heard a howling in the distance, up the mountains. Snapping his head in that direction, he sniffed the air and let out a howl in return. Another howl coming back to him he ran off towards the sounds, up the mountain.

Steph took a tentative step outside, the night eerily quiet. The rest followed apprehensively, unsure of what just happened. Along their way up the alley towards the back exit of Red Roost, they began to pass bodies, and more bodies. The carnage was unimaginable. Dozens of bodies lay in heaps on the ground, limbs separated and mixed along every surface. Gore splattered across the ground and walls. Hearts missing. Coming to the back gate they come to a grisly scene. A guard is hunched over another, sobbing, and the guard lying on the ground was gurgling blood and unable to speak much. Coming closer they can make out a few words, “Fuck…ing wanker…”, it said weakly. They realized suddenly the two were Jim and Abel, Jim lying on the ground dying.

Yelling out his dismay, Dom rushed forward and stabilized and healed as much as he could of Jim, not wanting to lose the only friend he had. Abel gave them a curt nod and turned away. Outside the gate they opened the stables. Unable to get into the flight cages for the flying mounts, they settled on enough horses for themselves, the princess, and Tzaad if they found him and began their trek up the mountains towards where they heard him last.