The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 9 October 23, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Rob – Human Cleric – Dom Strongbottom

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

We found the adventurers on their way to the crest of the mountain that was looming in the distance. Howls in the distance echoing around in their heads, everyone was lost in their own thought, lulling them into a false sense of security, losing awareness of their surroundings. Our heroes were working through their issues and concerns with themselves in their heads. It slowly dawned on everywhere in their own little worlds that they were perhaps not speaking to themselves, but something else. Frain, Steph, and Dom were all suddenly aware of a conversation they had been having with their sentient items. Frain and his crossbow, ignoring the faint protests of Tzaad’s “Hard Pass” also slung over his shoulder, Dom and his “spiky” mace, Steph and her spell book, Manu and his staff “Flo”. As they all came to terms with what they had just been through and witnessed, they all suddenly felt a coursing of power through their veins that felt like a revitalizing drink of water. Everyone had gained +1 to a main ability as a feat to their sentient items. In case it hasn’t been mentioned before, our heroes were now level 5 after all they had seen. 

As everyone had come back to themselves, they looked around and realized they had gotten much further into the mountains then anyone had realized. Instead of the peaks being a thought in the distance, they were nearly among the snowy peaks themselves. The warm, sweating bodies of the horses beneath them, giving off steam from their skin and noses gave an indication of the situation they were now in. They realized a bit late they were not well prepared for a trek into the high mountains. Rolling constitution saves among the group, Frain and Steph were among the unfortunate and took some damage from frostbite settling in.

Pulling out blankets and pulling it around themselves, trying to regain some warmth, they were suddenly removed from their settling dread by a startling sight a short distance away. What they had assumed was just another lump of snow unexpectedly shifted and stood up slowly. On four legs, it seemed to be taller than their horses and just as intimidating. Snow white, with distinctly wolf like feature, it stared in their direction silently, and they stared right back, unsure of what to do. The wolf shook the snow off itself, sending small avalanche of snow tumbling off it's body, and looked off to it’s right, back at them, then turned right and began sauntering away in that direction. 

For the first time in what seemed like hours, our heroes spoke up, hoarse at first from lack of using their voices, but stronger after a few words in. Narrowing her eyes in thought, Steph said, “I think we should follow it”. “Are you crazy?”, Frain asked in reply. “Yeah, did you see the size of that thing? It was bigger than Tzaad was as a werewolf!”, Dom chimed in. “Well it didn’t attack us and isn’t running from us. It looks like it wants us to follow it”, Steph replied. After some thought and a few more comments in discussion, the group decided to do as Steph suggested. 

Reaching the spot they saw the wolf, they turned left toward the direction it had gone, they found themselves in between a few narrow cliff faces. On either side of them were deep gouges in the cliffside, with spots of dried blood that they could make out under the falling snow. It seems something had been through here in a rage. As they reached the end, they saw the white wolf turned towards them staring, not 100 feet away at the exit of the canyon. Slowing their saunter, the group waited for a moment. The wolf looked to it’s right again and sauntered in that direction once more. Everyone exchanged looks and exited the canyon coming out into a small clearing of aspens. To their left was a drop off the mountain and a small path along the cliff face. Tying off all the horses among the trees they moved to the cliff side and looked down. Frain gulped loudly and looked to the right, seeing the wolf working its way along the narrow path.  The group continued along the path they saw in a single file without much caution, and suddenly Frain came across a spot of shifting snow under his feet. Trying to catch himself, he unfortunately threw a critical fail. Dom spotting the impending disaster, jumped forward trying to catch Frain. Unfortunately, he too threw a critical fail. Doing everything they could at this point to try and avoid a mundane disaster, Steph cast feather fall on Frain, Manu and Celestial jumped in to grab Dom, giving him another chance to grab onto Frain. Working together they were able to pull everyone back onto the path into a panting and sweating heap. Standing up, shaken but not stirred, they continued a little farther down in a more cautious manner. 

They just glimpsed the wolf turn right back into the mountains up ahead a distance. After reaching the area they saw that is was a small entrance into an enclosed cavern. Walking into the cavern cautiously, they did not see any signs of the wolf. Straight ahead however, was a large, wrought iron door with a large and intricate brazier carved into the metal, built into the rock face at the end of this cavern. Frain recognized the insignia immediately, and strode forward, knocking confidently on the door. A visor at Frain’s eye height slid open suddenly and suspicious eyes peered back out from behind it. “Bounty?”, the dwarf behind the visor asked suddenly. Frain stroked his beard for a moment, then pulled the Warhammer from his back and began to slide the handle in through the visor. Two more visors opened up beneath the first visor, widening the opening for the head of the hammer, and closed back up again. A series of clanks and bangs occurred from the other side of the door, before it slid open, revealing an ashen haired dwarf, similar in appearance to Frain himself. 

Smiling widely, he proclaimed, “Welcome brother!”. “May the eternal fire blaze within you”, Frain replied with a wink.  “Tell me brother, do you come with your friends to bring bounty to our lord Kossuth?”, the dwarf asked. Frain nodded vigorously and replied, “Of course, always bounty for Kossuth”. Steph cut in suddenly, “If you would not mind, we do have all of our horses and supplied in a clearing of aspen back up the path we took to this cavern”. The dwarf nodded and said, “Of course, we’ll send someone immediately to fetch your horses, it’s not a problem!”. With a twinkle in his ye, he turned to Frain and whispered, “And of course Kossuth would never turn down more bounty. Any horses to spare?”. Counting out horses on his fingers, Frain realized they had eight horses and only needed seven. Nodding he replied, “Of course, our lord may take one of our horses for himself but the rest we need to continue our journey. “

Satisfied, the swarf headed to a second door, similar in structure to the first and knocked twice. A slit opened just as suddenly as the first, and a female dwarf asked from behind the visor, “Bounty?!?!?!”. Looking annoyed, the first dwarf furiously whispered he already collected the bounty. The visor shut suddenly, and another complicated series of clanks and clicks before the doors swung backwards.  

Everyone was suddenly hit by a complex set of noises, smells, and sights. Shuffling in through the second door there were barely restrained gasps from the group as they took in the sight ahead of them. It was a huge, bustling metropolis of trading centers, temples, and housing along what seemed like endless levels of complex crystalline structures that disappeared into the distance above them. All of it seemed to be contained within the mountain. Ahead of them, dominating the first level of this megalopolis was a huge temple carved into the purple and red veined crystal, with a large brazier carved above the entrance. 

After a few moments, everyone decided they needed to find out where Tzaad was. “Excuse me, have you seen our friend come through here by any chance? A human, about yeah high?”, Frain asked, standing on his tip toes trying to show the height of his friend. The other dwarf nodded and said, “Of course, yes, couldn’t miss him. He was brought to the temple there!”. Nodding and thanking him they headed into the temple. Inside they found rows of pews and priests at various altars along the walls on the side, all covered in various items and artifacts, and small blazing braziers, praying. Up at the end of the line of pews they saw a female dwarf in a long flowing robe of red and orange that rolled along the floor behind her. She was staring up into a huge brazier of orange and green flames, deep in thought.  

The group approached her, and Frain spoke up, “Ahem, head priestess, your most holiness, we are looking for our friend who we were told was here?”. Turning slowly, the head of the church of Kossuth looked around at them appraisingly and came back to Frain. Smiling slowly, she revealed a set of teeth where the front two were missing. “An offering to Kossuth”, Frain whispered knowingly to Dom at his shoulder. “Welcome brother, and friends. My name is Bylvia, and who am I making the acquaintance of?”, the priestess asked. Everyone introduced themselves quickly and asked about their friend. “Of course, right this way,” Bylvia replied as she turned and strode to a door to the side of the brazier. Frain game a quick and silent prayer at the eternal fire before hurrying after them. 

After going through the doors, up a set of stairs, and to a back room, they entered the room quickly, excited to see Tzaad. Inside was a bed, a desk, and a chair, with Tzaad snoring, fast asleep on the bed under the covers. Yelling out greetings, Tzaad was startled awake and jumped out of the bed quickly, not realizing he was buck naked. Embarrassed he quickly put the sheets back around his waist. Frain quickly handed him his sword and shield back, and Tzaad dropped the sheets, pulling the shield in front of him, amazed at the feeling of power he suddenly felt coursing through his veins. Excited by the sudden burst of energy, everyone heard a ding on the back of the shield. “Was that metal?”, Dom asked. “No, that was wood!”, Tzaad replied, snickering. Clearing her throat, Bylvia chimed in, “We found him face down in the snow, unconscious and barely alive. He has not been here a day but seemed to recover remarkably quickly. I’ve left some of our robes for you on the desk, feel free to take them as you have nothing else, and a set of clothes for undergarments.” Nodding, she exited the room and headed back out to the main temple. 

Clearing his throat, Tzaad grabbed the robe off the desk and tossed it on quickly. He realized immediately this dwarf sized robe was not big enough for him, a bit billowy like a dress, but only coming to mid-thigh, barely hiding certain private bits. Clearing his throat again, Tzaad asked, “Okay, is there a shop around here, this isn’t going to work”. Barely suppressing their laughter, they decided to ask on their way back out. Heading back down to the main temple, they found Bylvia at the eternal fire again in though, and decided not to bother her further, asking another nearby lesser priest about nearby shop. Nodding the dwarf directed them towards a popular shop just outside the temple along the mountain wall. Featherwind and Steph decided to stay back to warm back up by the eternal fire, having not quite recovered from the frostbite they had incurred on the mountain, and settled wearily on the pew nearest behind the priestess. The rest of the group headed out.  

Looking to the right, their eyes widened as they recognized one of their favorite stores and hurried over. It was Fantasy Cost-Co! As they entered a familiar jingle played. “Fantasy Cost-Co, where all your dreams come true! Got a deal for you!”. Jamming out and nodding their heads, Dom and Frain whispered to the beat, “Do-do-do-do do-do…”. They were greeting immediately by an attendant with purple dyed hair, and ashen gray roots. “Heya, my name is Gwanerra, welcome to Fantasy Cost-Co, where we’ve got a deal for you!”. Led around by Gwanerra, they decided on a few crates of healing potions. Splitting it up, Tzaad headed to the pharmacy while Frain is shown to the maps section by Gwanerra. Frain bought a map of the city they were headed to on the coast, the Eastern Coastal City of Tehrun, and took it in. He noticed a docking area, and a few notable areas such as the “Racing Institute”, before rolling it up and heading to the pharmacy after Tzaad. 

Finally, at the pharmacy, Tzaad called out to the technician who had his back turned. Sensing something behind him, the dwarf turned around and smiled at his new customer. Tzaad saw he had no ear and wasn’t speaking. Tzaad’s face when blank for a moment as the dwarf signed out his greeting, “Hey there, welcome to Fantasy Cost-co, my name is Bralros, how can I help?” Tzaad, getting none of this, nodded and knew what he needed to do. He began to wave him arms in the air and talk very loudly, trying to get his point across. “DO YOU, HAVE, MEDICINE, FOR GET RID OF, GRR?”. Bralros nodded and pulled out a pad of paper, writing for a moment then handing it to Tzaad. Tzaad looking down expectantly and saw the words “Fuck Off”, emblazoned on the page, and looked back up. He turned away and walk back towards the front of the store. 

He ran into Gwanerra on her way from the stock area in the back. She pushed a strand of hair behind her ear and began to flirt with him. Rolling his wisdom against her charisma, he found himself suddenly attracted to her. He got her crier’s digits before heading back to the front with everyone to the magic items. At the magic items desk, converged with Manu, Frain and Dom, and behind the counter was a heavily pierced dwarf, who introduced himself as Torrom. He rubbed his hands together excitedly and laid out the magic items they had in for that day. From left to right, he rolled out four items on a velvet cloth. A dark orb with swirling mists inside, a small and intricate silver ring, a dirty and used looking rag, and a large, pointy wizard’s hat lay before them. “Here we have the Orb of the Delver, The Silver Ring of the Fey, the Handkerchief of Vermin, and the Wizard hat of the Astral Sea!”, Torrom explained happily. 

After finding out the handkerchief attracted all the crawling things of the earth to it when put down, he quickly slammed down his money, claiming it for himself to not be used against him as retribution for the many lives of rats he has taken. Shrugging, Dom eventually settled on taking the Silver Ring of the Fey that gave the bearer the general direction to the closest Fey Crossing within a 60-mile radius. Heading back to the temple after their shopping spree, they found Featherwind and Steph fast asleep, leaning on each other still in front of the eternal fire. The temple was otherwise empty. Not wanting to disturb them, they headed back to the Fantasy Cost-Co and over to the little used Hard Journey Inn attached to it.

On the way there, Tzaad stops by the nearest Town Crier, and gives him Gwanerra’s number. The town crier seems to inhale a minute-long breath, and lets out a long bellow, “GWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA”. It seems to last for minutes, and as Tzaad looks away from him, he notices Gwanerra is suddenly there next to him. Startled, he recovers himself and greets her. They decide to head to the Hard Journey Inn together.  They find the store is a bit stuck, and Tzaad decides to show off, rearing up and slamming his shoulder into the door. Staggering back and rubbing his shoulder, he cried out in pain. Frain reached out slowly and pulled the door toward them, and it easily swung open. Clearing his throat, Tzaad headed in after everyone else. 

At the bar they see a confused looking older dwarf wearing only a diaper staring up at the dusty shelves of booze. Stopping at the bar, they buy a couple of rooms, and Celestial heads up to her room, Tzaad heading to another with Gwanerra, and Frain, Dom and Manu hanging out at the bar with a bottle of Port from behind the counter.  As they drink the sounds from above seemed to be getting louder and more complex. Groans of ecstasy and yelp of pain, mostly coming from Tzaad. Within the room there was a scene of Tzaad, in submission to Gwanerra, being punished in various positions. Whimpering he kept trying to get free. Failing strength opposing checks against Gwanerra a few times, he finally barely scrapes a successful dexterity check past her and reverses. This goes on for many more hours before they finally fall asleep exhausted. 

Around this time, pleasantly drunk, Frain, Dom and Manu head upstairs to bed. “Hey, hey, listen listen… I love you man”, Manu whispers into Frain’s ear. Shaking him off, Frain heads into his room, and falls onto the bed with a bottle of port in his hand, taking another swig, and falling asleep on his side. The next morning, Frain woke up to a warmth on his back, and find his was little spoon to Manu. Removing Manu’s arm from around him, he got slowly off the bed, and noticed Dom sleeping curled up at the foot of the bed. Shaking his head, he staggered to the doors, and threw it open. He ran into Tzaad coming from his room, and it was quite a sight to behold. There was a large braided mark around Tzaad’s thick neck, and across his forehead, in what looked like black paint, was the word SL*T. Trying not to show any emotion on his face, Frain greeting Tzaad and they headed downstairs to the bar. 

Waking up, Manu and Dom, stumble down after them. Dom tells Tzaad about his forehead, and Tzaad heads to the bathroom quickly, rubbing it off, leaving a black smudge in its place. After a few drinks to take the edge off their hangovers this morning, they head back to the temple. They were a bustle of activity of priests in the temple, but no sign of Steph and Featherwind. Asking around they find out they are in the same room Tzaad had used the night before when they found him. Heading back up to the room, they came to the doors. Frain rubbed his hands together and turned the nob, slamming the door open to a scene of Steph and Featherwind sleeping on the bed back to back.

Smiling, Frain yelled out, “Wakey Wakey, Eggs and Bakey!”.

