The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 7 October 9, 2019

Alex – Dungeon Master

Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph

Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom

Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer

Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad

“Oh no”, whispered the priest, suddenly pirouetting in place and beginning yet another sneezing fit. Frain nods and looks knowingly around at the party, “Allergic to dwarves, must be”. The priest latches onto Sarry Pete and the butler calmly pulls out a small needle from her jacket pocket and stabs it efficiently into the arm of the priest. Calming down after a few second, several people stopping to stare during the process, he turns back to the party. “Terribly sorry, sometimes my allergies get the best of me!”, he said. His eyes were so puffy, they were nearly shut. Speaking to the nearby wall he continued, “My name is Henry “Many Faces”, a one of Her divine servants. How can I assist you fine patrons today?”.

Dom snapped his fingers to get Henry’s attention. “We’re looking for a pink feathered Aarakocra, we saw one being transported here earlier”. “I’m afraid we have no such specimen, may I inquire as to why you’re looking for her?”, Henry asked. “Uh, no reason”, Manu blurted out, distressed. Steph, blinking annoyedly at Manu, continued with, “We are simply connoisseurs of fine merchandise looking for a good trade. Henry looks thoughtful for a moment, his eyes growing less puffy by the second. A few moments later he was able to see well enough to make out faces and gasped once again as he saw Celestial. “Oh my, it can’t be. Are you Celestial Wind? Finest musician of the six cities?!”, Henry proclaimed excitedly. Celestial chuckled and crossed her arms, nodding. “Oh, happy day! Please, if you’ll indulge me in my office, for a mere signature I’d be willing to talk with you of the Aarakocra”, Henry explained. The party agreed and began following him further into the trade center.

After a short walk they come upon a free-standing structure that looked like an office. A single door led into a rather cramped room, and Henry was holding it open beckoning all six of them in. Tzaad goes in first and quickly looks around. A single desk, and one chair on either side of it, with a small bookshelf behind the desk. On the desk a scatter of papers, one of which looks like it’s addressed to a Duke or something. He successfully grabs it without anyone noticing and slips it into his pocket. Everyone else followed him in, standing in a cramped half circle in front of the desk, no space to spread out. Henry came in behind them, half wedging himself half shoving the other to get to his desk, only to end up on the same side as them. Awkwardly, Henry looked back over everyone then climbed over his desk, scattering more papers and eventually ending up in the chair on the other side.

Brushing himself off, Henry grabs a loose blank piece of paper and holds it out excitedly to Celestial. Celestial takes it and clears her throat. “Oh right!”, Henry exclaimed. Grabbing a ring of keys from his pocket, he hurriedly opened the desk drawer in front of him, pulling out a pen and handing it to Celestial. She quickly signs and hands both the paper and pen back. Nodding appreciatively Henry says, “Ah yes, Ahem, my daughter will love these, yes, huge fan of course. Now, where were we, ah yes, what information are you looking for?”. “We want to know if we can buy that pink bird!”, Steph blurts out, barely able to contain her annoyance. Chuckling Henry says, “We do keep the one you speak of, but I’m afraid she is quite spoken for. Very few of her kind exist, as she is of the royal bloodline! And frankly, the price being negotiated is astronomical, it would be hard to come close to it.” Sighing audibly, Steph looks around unsure what to do. 

“If you’ll excuse me, I’ll have to ask you to leave as I have some work to do”, Henry says. “However, if you’d like to stay and hang out, Celestial, I’d love that. I’m a pretty cool guy and I’ve got lots of things to do”. Celestial starts backing out slowly apologizing. Sighing sadly and nodding, Henry begins to look around on his desk for something, then looks confused and begins searching around. Tzaad quickly beckons for everyone to go now. Following his lead, they come out of the office and are lead back to the entrance by Sarry Pete. “Thank you for your patronage fin sirs and madame, if you do return, I shall be happy to assist you once again”, she says, and turns away and back into the trade center. 

Once they get far enough away, Tzaad pulls out the letter and gets everyone’s attention. “Hey, I’ve got this from the office, I think it may help us find the princess!”. Reading aloud in a mock voice he reads, “Dear Duke Ellington, Rest assured we have your cargo in our most secure prison here in Red Roost. We look forward to transacting 2 days hence. - Henry “Many Faces” Pyter P.S. If you want to hang out, feel free to stick around. I’m a fun guy.” Giggling to himself, Tzaad looks up at the rest of the party. After a bit of discussion, they decide the princess must be in the prison building next to the trade center and they need to regroup and think of a plan. They remember seeing a hard journey inn out front and start heading out. 

Once outside the gates, they begin heading towards the inn, and Tzaad notices a cat darting into the alley beside it. He lets the others know, and they head back there. At the end of the alley next to the inn, they find Bombalina bounding up to the with a pouch around her neck. Jumping up and down excitedly, Bombalina greets them with news, “Yes yes, hello friends, it’s me! Bombalina! I have news and goodies for you, sent by the king! Our finest scout, Griddlebone was able to get theses for you!”. Reaching out, Steph takes the pouch and opens in, noticing two folded pieces of paper inside. Taking out the first she asks Bombalina what it is. “Right right! It is a… paper!”, she blurts. Steph shaking her head, just tried to read it, noticing it is a schedule of a sort, with times and names. They recognize Jim and Abel’s names in the afternoon shift of 1pm - 9pm. They figure out it is a shift schedule for the prison! Unfolding the other paper, and receiving the same answer from Bombalina, Steph find a map of what looks to be a rough approximation of the first floor and the basement level of the prison complex. 

The team decides to get a room inside and talk further of this. After settling in their room, they begin to formulate a plan. Many ideas were tossed around and thrown away one after the other. “What if we ambush the Duke on his way out of the city after retrieving her?”, Frain suggests. “There is no telling how many guards they would have, or when that would happen. We don’t even know which direct they were enter and exit!”, Manu explains. They decide the best course of action is a jail break, but how to do it!? Eventually coming up with a plan, they decide that Celestial will send word to the friend starved Henry to come meet her at Hard Journey Inn now to have some drinks, and Steph would assume his allergy ridden appearance with disguise self so she would not have to talk. Celestial would knock him out and accompany them as a random person. They would infiltrate as inspectors for the good for the Duke. It all sounded like a flawless plan in theory.

They began execution by sending Manu to give word to the priest. Dom and Frain sat in a corner booth to watch the bar, Celestial at the bar, and Steph and Tzaad waited upstairs in the room. Tzaad decides to remove the makeup from his face and has trouble getting the fake nose off. After some tugging, he removes more than just the fake nose, and begins to bleed profusely. Quickly bandaging his face up, he’s able to hide his features well. On the back inside the nose, there is a small note in a heart from Golodor, “Come see me any time, Hun”. Tzaad immediately throws the nose away.

After about half an hour, Manu returns with Henry, who seems to be wearing a very fine white tuxedo top with some linen shorts and clogs on. Dom and Frain work hard to contain their laughter and not be noticed when they see him. Henry sidles up to the bar and joins Celestial. A few drinks and laughs in, Celestial invites him upstairs to which he heartily accepts. Heading up the stairs, they get to one of the empty rooms they rented, and once inside, Celestial pushes him on the bed, and as he falls back onto it she silently casts “Sleep” on him, and he’s out before his head hits the pillow. “Hopefully he’ll remember it as a good night when he wakes up”, Celestial says as she walks back out of the room and knocks on Steph and Tzaad’s door. Steph comes out and heads into the room, searching his body for the keys. As she finds them Tzaad suddenly drops to the floor of the other room, weeping uncontrollably. He’s able to bring himself under control after a few minutes but is unwilling to say more about it. Everyone looked concerned but decided not to press further.

Deciding there is no time like the present. Everyone get’s ready and heads to the Red Roost to get there before closing. Steph disguised herself as Henry with an allergic reaction, and Celestial as a balding man a foot shorter and a good bit chubbier. As they leave the inn and begin heading toward the Red Roost gates, Tzaad hears a whispering in the back of his mind that he realizes is coming from his shield, Hard Pass. “I can see the moon. It’s red as blood.” Tzaad freezes for a moment, but them continues on ignoring his bloodthirsty shield. 

With little effort they can get back into the complex, and over to the prison. The guards out front of the prison are not so easily swayed and grow suspicious when told it’s an inspection. “But you just did an inspection…”. Frain convince him otherwise with a well placed natural 20 in persuasion, and they are allowed in. Inside the first floor of the prison is what looks like a low security jail area with a couple of round tables and a few cells lining the back wall. Inside of two of them are a short orc and a female human, looking bored. At the table are a few guards with their backs turned playing cards.

To the right is a small office, and with no other way out of the room they expect there are stairs in the room. Trying the door, they find it locked. Fumbling with the keys, Steph tries several them, but takes a bit long and annoys one of the guards at the table with the jangling. The guard stands up and looks over, “Oy, what de hell is goin’ on ova there!?”. Oh boy, it happens to be Jim. Walking over he begins to look suspiciously at Tzaad. “You almost done there, can you get a move on, ey?”, Jim belts out. Abel shakes his head and begins standing up. Before he’s fully up, Jim happens to roll a natural 20 in perception, and recognizes the face of Tzaad, a wanted murderer and almost friend. “Oy, you!”, Jim proclaims pulling out his baton. Frain uses command and succeeds in forcing him to fall asleep. Jim falls face flat on the floor in the middle of another sentence. Abel, growing alarmed started walking towards them, gesturing. “What’s this now? What have you done to Jim here?”. Before he can say anything else, Celestial quickly casts sleep on him. 

With the situation going wrong quickly, Frain and Dom jump into action and quickly ties up Jim and Abel, tossing them in one for the open cells, gagging them, and locking the cell door. Soon after they awaken and begin struggling, sounds muffled by the gags. “We should hurry”, Manu says. The party quickly heads into the office and looks around. Frain notices the carpet in the corner slightly disheveled and finds a trap door under it. Opening it up, it is very dark, but they have no choice. One by one they descend, Tzaad going last and grabbing a prisoner manifest off the table before heading down. 

At the bottom they notice they are in a small room with not much in it, and in the hallways there is a path to the right that leads to a three way fork. Steph and Tzaad try going left at the fork to where the map guesses there is the atrium with the princess they are looking for. Before they know it they have been turned around somehow, walking in the opposite direction back to the fork. Shaking their heads, Steph tries again and finds the same result. To the right they find a dead end. Trying something else, Frain goes straight, but quickly realizes something is wrong. He feels a whisper in his ear, a brush along his back. “Delicious”. Turning around quickly, Frain is disturbed to find nothing there. The others joining him, they each hear and feeling rasping breaths, and close brushes. “Delectable, Delicious, mine”.  

Looking at the manifest, Tzaad finds that just ahead there is a vampire jailed, next to a vampire hunter. Coming up on them and peering in, he sees an older, dark looking man with a black coat and boots, and a large brimmed black leather hat covering his face. Looking up slowly, he stands and walks menacingly to the bars of the cell. “Hey”, he whispers. “What are you fellas doin’ here?”. Nobody answers and he continues. “Tell you what, let me out of here and I can get you through the place”. “Oh, don’t listen to him!”, a voice in the next cell chimes in. “He’s an old fart that is pretending to be cool”, the man that comes into view continues. “Nice to make your acquaintance, I’m Blood Drayner, with a “y”!”, he says as he sticks his hand out to shake a hand. Nobody going for it, he chuckles and pull back. Sighing the other man says, “My name is Von Hellen, and I will kill this bastard next to me when I get outta here. I’m a vampire hunter you see, and we got caught in battle and thrown in here”. The party, in normal fashion, proceeds to ignore these very interesting characters and start walking back down the hall.

Beginning to hear the whispers again, Frain had enough and casts Faerie fire, unveiling the outline of a menacing creature inches in front of his face. Yelling and falling back a step, they are locked into battle. 
Manu goes in first, beginning a complex series of fist movements that lead the attack for the others. Celestial mocks the vampire in distraction and creates and opening. Steph steps forward and delivers a bit of damage with a fire spell. Tzaad moves in on it’s left taking a chunk out of it with his sword. The creature, removing their invisibility, unveils themselves as a Vampire Spawn, and reaches to the left, grabbing Tzaad by the throat and pulling him in for a bite. At the last second, he was able to pull his shield up and whispered, “Hard Pass”. The clerics were able to deal massive damage with their radiant damage, causing the vampire to miss a beat in it’s next turns. The vampire was able to bite down on Tzaad’s neck and took some permanent health from him. With advantage on attacks with faerie fire, disadvantage on attacks for the vampire from Celestial’s mocking, and well places radiant bursts from the clerics, Manu is able to deliver a final flurry of blows in his Flowing Water technique, and delivers a finishing right hook, snapping the creature’s neck.

The vampire fell to the ground dead. Tzaad, rubbing his neck, nodded in acknowledgement to Manu and stepped forward to examine the body. The creature was a wretched thing, looking barely fed. A female, wearing a dirty, torn dress, and dirty matted hair. Searching her resulted in nothing, but upon her ankle he noticed something disturbing. It seemed to be a small tattoo in the shape of a polyhedron. 
