The Order of the Polyhedron: Session 3 August 27, 2019
 
Alex – Dungeon Master - Human Monk – Manu
 
Ellen – Elf Wizard – Steph
 
Rob – Human Cleric - Dom Strongbottom
 
Nathan – Dwarf Cleric – Frain Brightbringer
 
Dayton – Variant Human Fighter – Tzaad
 
We find our adventurers dumbfounded at the sight of hundreds of cats that seem to be in assembly, surrounding Asparagus, their guide thus far. As the cats hiss and mewl in various tones, Gus shushes them and addresses the party. He thanks them for coming and explains a grave threat to their leadership, the fact that their King of Cats, Morpholomew the Great has gone missing. If the king fails to show for 3 nights, he is stripped of title and exiled forever. It just so happens the adventurers find themselves here on the third night.
 
Offering 20 gold now, and 100 gold upon completion, Tzaad haggle d for a bit more out of the deal, while Manu seemed in near panic at the sight. 150 gold agreed upon, retrieved from their secret stash of ‘nip and gold by Pouncival, the adventurers agreed they had nothing better to do. Gus jumped down excitedly, announcing his intent to accompany them, and asked where they should start.
 
Through a series of questions they were able to find out about some of the King’s habits, enemies, and friends. He was currently chartering a treaty between the cats and the Worg Lord, their main enemy is the Rat Boss, and he usually likes to eat, play, use catnip, and nap in sunbeams. We he takes walks he visits his prophetic confidant and adviser, an old gnome called The Wayside Oracle, down by the mountain river on Cooper’s Road. Bombalina, an excitable female cat kept jumping in with answers.
 
Having heard enough, off they went to Cooper’s Road by the river, with the guidance of Gus. Passing back through Grorth’s Alley, they find his body missing, and the trashcan righted, however all the trash still on the ground. On Cooper’s road it was quite lively in the early night. They find shoppers, drunkards, and beggars alike on the road, busy with merchants, and mountain divers, still going at night for some reason… Nearby on the street, Hard Journey Lite was serving a plethora of patrons. After a short walk our adventurers come upon the scene of an older female gnome, with a mod podge of clothing items on. With unkempt hair, one eye, and a monocle over the other, nonexistent eye, she was a sight to behold.
 
Spotting Gus, she beckoned excitedly: “Gus, you’re late! Are these the adventurers?”. Getting close to each one with her eyeless monocle, she seemed to be looking them over, especially Frain. “Is this the best you could do?” She asked. “Well, get on with it, what do you need to know?”. More questions led to the unveiling on a few more details. They learn it was 3 nights ago the Oracle last spoke to the King, and he was seeking her advice on the treaty. She warned him of coming danger, and fears the treaty will break down if he doesn’t return. She is also certain Balink Sparkneedle, who runs Sideshow Alley at the Clockwork Carnival near Metal Star in involved.
 
The adventurers decide to retrace King Morpholomew’s steps through his usual routine with the help of Gus, and head just up the alley, as they like to say. Down a few meandering alleys, they suddenly find themselves surrounded by 5 worgs, including the Lord of the Worgs. Gus ran away, leaving the adventurers to it, but it seems all the Worgs wanted was to relay a warning to keep to their own business. They learned something curious from Ungrulf, the Lord as he called himself, was that a lot of the cats did not support the treaty that they were working on with the King. They also find that the worgs are looking for the King as well. With this, they fade back into the side alleys, leaving our adventurer’s confused and worried.
 
Asparagus reappears, lamenting how he doesn’t trust the worgs at all, and suggested heading to the Rat Bosses’ hideout. With this they agree and head over to what is called Abbey Way, another abandoned part of town. The house they come up on is a two story with a balcony and one entrance, and apart from the windows being boarded up, the house seeming to be in well enough shape. Trying the door it just, opened, and inside was a scene of dirt and debris from neglect and nesting it seemed. One doorway to the side slightly ajar, and a staircase leading up were the only notabilities.
 
Steph suggests heading up, and so they do, however finding they can only move single file. In the order of Tzaad, Manu, Dom, Frain, and Steph, they head up. Not halfway up they hear a frantic scurrying, and are ambushed by a pack of giant rats, 10 strong! It was do or die and they launched into it. Tzaad was first up and swung out, managing to take one out in front of him. It was a bit downstairs from here, as the remaining 9 rats took a good amount of chunks out of Dom, Tzaad, and Steph. Manu struck out with his flurry of fists technique, managing to squish two more beneath his crushing blows. Steph cried out, unleashing a thunderwave doing serious damage, and Frain and Dom used a mixture of holy magic and healing to keep the team going. Another relentless onslaught by the rats, and a valiant effort by the rest of the team again and they were able to best the horde, albeit far worse for wear. This night was not going well.
 
Manu thinking this night could not get any worse, was horrified when Tzaad turned to him, his arm inside of one of the dead rats like some grotesque meat puppet, pretending to talk as the rat. Manu, unable to hold himself back, turned to the side, projectile vomiting. It was not a pretty sight from here, with Frain, Dom, AND Steph all going into a vomit cascade like dominoes. Tzaad was barely able to hold his own bile back, but soon realized what he had done. Shaken by being covered in vomit and rat gore, they continue up, trying not to slip on the remains of their dignity.
 
In the loft upstairs they find a lone human figure standing in the shadows by the window. “What are you doing here, Asparagus?” she screeches out, rat-like. “You know why we are here, Miestro!”, he yowls back. “The King, where is he!”. Miestro, staring at the adventurers for a moment says: “I do not have your King, but I know where he is. A gang of half-orcs called the Stinkrot Crew kidnapped him, but I don’t know why… Their hideout is an old warehouse on Baker’s street near the river.” Steph is just able to gather that Miestro is not being truthful with them one bit, before she screeches that Gus owes her a favor and jumped through the window and onto the street, turning into a rat on the way down and scurrying off.
 
Steph begins question Gus right away. She finds out that the Stinkrot crew was active a few years ago and would snatch a cat every now and again, but he hasn’t heard from them in a while. With some prodding, Steph also manages to squeeze out his suspicions about some of the other cats in the sovereignty, but he was unwilling to give up names of fellow cats to strangers unless they had proof.
 
As this was going on, Tzaad had found a shiny silver necklace, but was not stealthy enough to pocket in. On his way over he was so clumsy, he tripped and flung the necklace near Gus. As Gus reached out, Tzaad made another dive for it, somehow failing so spectacularly, at the same time as Gus failing in a spectacular fashion, they got tangled up, with Gus fleeing the room with a few claws into Tzaad after untangling himself. Steph shaking her head picks up the necklace and pockets it.
 
At this point, with no guide, the party decides to head to the Clockwork Carnival, ignoring the tip about the orcs, as they did not believe it one bit. At the carnival near Metal Star U, in between Eastgate and Theist’s Gate, they find a wonderous view of a nightly carnival put on by the river. It was a spectacle of a dozen clockwork rides, including a big wheel, carousels, trains, trolleys, and a gondola in an offshoot of the river. There were puppet shows, clowns, acrobats, and trained animals everywhere as well. They noticed a number of half-ogres operating the wind up mechanisms for most of the rides, and dozens of guards patrolling. Manu, starry eyed, runs off into the crowd to interact with all the carnival has to offer.
 
Tzaad decides to ask a nearby guardsmen about where Sideshow Alley is, but seems to have picked the wrong one. In a high, nasally British accent, waving his baton menacingly, he gets real riled up, seemingly a little to big for his boots. Stepping in quickly, his partner who called himself Abel Bulge, apologizes for Jim’s behavior and has a little chat. Tzaad finds out he was deployed 10 years previous in the hell raids. After a bit of chatting they head over to the alley.
 
Here they find 5 tents in a row, all with gnomes stationed outside hawking their tent’s mysteries. The Giant Gorilla, The World’s Ugliest Boy, The Mermaid, The Will-o-Wisp, and The Chain Devil were the names of the attractions. Asking the first gnome at the gorilla who was names Joice “Juicy” Browe, he assures them Balink had gone into his tent not long ago. Trusting this sentiment, they pay their way in and come upon a scene, named sixth wonder of the world. The gnome warns them not to wake him and assures apart from the giant head taking up most of the space in the tent, the rest of the body is in a gigantic cavern dug beneath the ground to hold him here. The head seemed to be sleeping and twitching. Deciding there is nothing helpful in here, the party heads back out.
 
Coming up with a new plan they try asking more of the gnomes, but they all seem to want them to enter their tent. Finally, Frain decides to go into the mermaid to figure it out after paying his way in. Inside was a gloomy scene of a small water tank, with what could barely be described as water, and a very sad and malnourished looking mermaid floating around in it. When he’s alone, she notices him and begin whispering frantically, begging for his help. Frain shrewdly asks what her name is and whether she knows Balink. “My name is Sereia, and yes, I can tell you anything you want to know about that crusty old gnome if you get me to the river!” she says. Frain strikes a deal to be told the location of Balink on the way to the river, in exchange for her freedom.
 
At this point he begins to form a plan, with Steph getting nowhere with the gnome outside, he goes under the side flap of the tent and beckons the rest of the party in. When they are back in, the gnome checks in quickly, with Dom barely making it behind the tank in time to hide, and Frain pays him a gold piece for some “extra quality time” with the mermaid. When left alone, Frain, Dom, and Tzaad work on extricating Sereia, with Steph running interference out front.
 
Slipping her under the tent flap, they are able to pry open a large wooden box full of rags in the back, remove some, and lower her in, closing it back up. Steph joins them, and sets about to using minor illusion to make it look like Sereia is still in the tank, while our other three adventurers begin carrying the box through the crowd and to the river. Unfortunately about halfway they are hassled by Jim the Guard, and only after a soft talking to and an agreement to meet at Hard Journey Inn in the morning, were they able to stave him off and continue to the river.
 
At this point, Dom extracts the relevant information from Sereia before continuing on, and glean that Balink lives in Mulberry Cottage in the affluent Westside district. They finally arrive at the river, and release her into the raging rapids. “I am so grateful for your assistance. If you find yourselves on Barbaro Island to the West, ask for me”, she says, before swimming off. The team decides to start burning the rags and throws the box into the river to try and cover up any evidence.
 
Catching up just in time Steph sees a scene of box debris, burnt rags everywhere and in the river, and Dom, Frain, and Tzaad power posing while looking into the river, laughing to themselves on a job well done. Barely having time to shake her head once again, Steph looks back to the carnival, hearing a growing cacophony of alarms and guards voices.


